one side of the armed conflicts is made up mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , and is the holiest city in Islam .
the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is Saturday , which follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , which he then crawled away quickly to the east .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of the papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are the dancers , who often play the soo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born 8 november 1942 in italy .
the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a BA in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party a bit in that it also favours a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had vanished by the end of the 19th century with European settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is organized as an independent, private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and encloses the city of stralsund .
he was honored with the 1982 " sportsman of the year " award by sports illustrated .
five is a British sport thought to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless, tagore emulated many styles , including craftswork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960 , presidential candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the idea of creating a peace corps on the steps of the michigan state Capitol .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn andTerri defeated Eddie Guerrero andChyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered on late July 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
trying to stop drek from destroying the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop him
it is not actually a real louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process and popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
they may be part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met them in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center are number-name combinations that are part of the International Astronomical Union .
by early September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a date a nugget of data which is a copy of the date in some back up store.
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce the rules , both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born 10 July 1988 in bristol, England .
like the other assessment reports , it consists of four reports .
hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and her grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of queen victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an American mixed martial arts  mma  promotion that was billed as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical account of the gospel of matthew .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and unbridled behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vicki longstreet , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
images taken by the space probe Voyager 1 on march 5 , 1979 , when it was orbiting around Jupiter , revealed a large, dark, spherical object .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to protect the northern region of france from incursions by other viking groups
it is a type of voice of america     that is special English .
shirley temple gave her father, Walt Disney, a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones in 2007 .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 Mb instead of 1 Mb .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to the propriety of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on more weight quickly .
the seventh sons of seventh sons have strong " knacks " – magical abilities – and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlighted the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy
until recently , itch and pain were considered to be separate things , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but displays notable differences .
because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former Ipswich town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children’s toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , the buildings will be built along a bypass , which will turn into an ordinary road, and the bypass will eventually become as congested as the local streets it was supposed to avoid.
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises are often painful but not dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george I, elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are considered Biological Materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in the greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services and the docklands light railway .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method uses primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population of the town was 89,148 .
occasionally people are called aliterates because they can read but don't enjoy it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then get up and leave the river bed and dig its food up and wait for its next meal .
moreover , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
landis ' father has become a very supportive of his son and views himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane began to become ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several restaurants : a cafeteria-style restaurant ; a coffee bar ; and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforth its history merge with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york City that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals, guitar, bass,Phil Demmel guitar, and Dave McCallion drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious attendance .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left the band before they ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , Culver ran for office in the state of Iowa and was victorious .
mark messier won the hart over ray Bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
the novel sets the main plot in motion when Shade Ewing , an unruly and rebellious teenager , defiantly breaks the law and accidentally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm .
speed chess is a chess game in which each competitor has a maximum of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually not aware of the computers , they are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of Haiti on September 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century , eschelbronn has become well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim resembles the coat of arms of the former district of borussia
unlike the clouds on Earth, which are made up of small pieces of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of large pieces of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age .
development stable releases are very rare, but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, an order was sent him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years , the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combines heat and power to create electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; this is because the first male is too powerful or too busy .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American novelist .
eva anna paula Braun, died on 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a distinguishing version number .
most IRC servers don't require you to register an account , but you will have to set a nickname before being connected .
he also received a mechanics certificate in that year .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is often portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers .
some animals have a chromatic response - changing color in different environments - either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis won a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 by defeating Rikishi after tazz hit Rikishi with a television camera.
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother , Larue , was an administrative assistant and singer ; and his father , Keith Brion , was a band director at Yale .
mennonites are the largest population of non-white people in the world , but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or spread amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with a lot of people living there and working in dublin .
armour consisted of a series of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area and along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in theHungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , Illinois .
bone marrow is the tissue that line the inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple things to make something to defuse the bomb but is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was largely complete when messiaen died and yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schoen leave .
britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in Europe and eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter  possibly stubs  and of lesser quality .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted .
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sandwash down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English when talking about underwear and movies .
jurisdiction derives its strength from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is ARACajU .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historical township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also exploring the mountain slopes and the river in search of minerals .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness Reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position .
alternative views on the subject of the virgin birth have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations in late 2004 because stern was talking about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald 's " Wendy 's confirms tim hortons' IPO by March " , the Ottawa business journal, December 1, 2005 .
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and he firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters - " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is considered a fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
Stravinsky created the ballet orchestration in 1913 .
protests occurred throughout the nation .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld or la belle hélène , were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was very difficult to control .
the earliest extant church in assisi is the Santa Maria Maggiore St. Mary the Greater, built in 753 by the bishop of assisi, Santa María de Assisi.
radar observations show a metal composition that is quite pure , and not a mixture of iron and nickel like some other sources .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railways , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988
loèche harbour the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  that encloses a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis.
he was famous for his prints and book covers .
she frequently suffered from collapsed lungs and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving the hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are injuries that are caused by a club .
from then until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 , the administration of the county was conducted at duns or lauder .
no skater has yet completed a quadruple axel in competition .
the telephone exchange in the port jackson district commandant 's office could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even if one does not intend to pray in a mosque , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as being pointed in the face and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do compared to how much time and resources it takes .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found in the volga .
the Crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
the representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association voted on the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Afghanistan border afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 ( march ), by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
the features of the design include key-dependent boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born 19 February 1987 in jwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 193839 when the column was moved to its present location .
until 1990 , west berlin had its own postal administration .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy ; other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survived as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to become more modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was later built on the eastern approaches .
the battle of stiklestad took place on july 29th in the country of norway .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet Union
this resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for when it makes sense and for the purpose it is intended .
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the north of the London borough of croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely related meaning of constituent is that of someone who resides in or is represented in the area governed by, represented by, or otherwise served by a politician ; this can be restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a senior fellow at the institute of european history in mainz and a member of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
Instead of using a cantilevered arm to lift the " hovercraft " and shoot the scene, the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot it using a helicopter .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with the game wario land : super mario land 3 .
opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin .
a historian has stated that quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is very similar in appearance to the moon - it is cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites ; it also has no atmosphere
the town lies in the Limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office only as long as they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is very important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a long shootout in frankfurt on june 1, 1972
they formed new music Manchester together, a group committed to modern music .
the storm caused extreme damage in the Upper Florida Keys as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet occurred .
it is now the site of mahatma Gandhi 's samadhi  tomb-shrine and also facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex county in Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the Caribbean Sea .
if these pdfs contain images , they can not be distributed without further manipulation .
ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of the UK on october 5th , leading to localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member
a fee is the cost one pays as compensation for services rendered , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the library system encompasses twenty-one libraries on the columbus campus of ohio state .
both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of the norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had outgrown it , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists
the body color can vary from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it'smarked with dark brown spots .
the britannica was a primarily a scotish enterprise ; the thistle logo and floral emblem represented Scotland .
the warning was issued on september 22 , and the extension was made southwards .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter gave audiences the sort of information that would later be provided by intertitles and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like
because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in the north of italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , or penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off the side of an animal .
protein is a kind of word that is made up of a lot of small molecules .
the group spent 16 months living in hiding after thejerilderie raid , evading capture
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
colors range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the station , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old path leading west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their website and on their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm on april 14, 1806 , resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties being inflicted on the losers .
it has long been the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
majorities of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane andJericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century , slavs started moving into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a building for the humanities , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scot county in north central Illinois , United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants who were cast for the national tv show , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the later device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the famed Colombian Trainer Francisco Maturana but he had limited success .
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
moreover, she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on jun 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village of glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned to the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later played the role of Mario's friend in the game mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006
the vagina is incredibly elastic and can stretch to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , the portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
he had one daughter - later baptized asmary ann fisher power - to ann power .
during an interview with edward gorey, he mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes and every mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also won an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
