The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group, make up one side of the conflict.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city.
A hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck is thought to be the great dark spot.
His next work follows a day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula quickly crawled east, pulling the ball with a black cord.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal has been accompanied by the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers and have more complex choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the Cassini Orbiter and Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola is an Italian former footballer.
The debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in anthropology in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in that it supports a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Pure dextromethorphan is a white powder.
It is hard to get into Tsinghua.
NRC is now a private, independent foundation.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982 by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport related to racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names merged into the national museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore emulated many styles, including craftwork from New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the Peace Corps at Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 by Voyager 2.
The first Italian Grand Prix was on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointed towards Uranus.
The British decided to take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a louse.
He promotes user-centered design and popularizing interaction design.
Others and the administrator may be part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working group i evaluates the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides form an island chain separated from the mainland by the Minch, Little Minch and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter on July 12, 2008.
The IAU oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a nugget of data copied from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born July 10, 1988) plays professional rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like earlier reports, it has four reports from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
Vast quantities of this stamp were printed for the rest of Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, known as "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan and taught at the conservatory, later becoming the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble due to his drinking and behavior.
'Celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, and others.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called "gomaespuma".
The release date of the resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of the boyband 183 Club.
Early Christian feasts sang Hallel Psalms with alleluia as the refrain.
In return, Rollo promised loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended France from other Viking groups.
It originated from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniatures.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland continues in the Czech Republic.
Consumers get confused when 1 mb is referred to as 1,048,576 bytes instead of 1 mib.
The incident has sparked debates about ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated to make them calmer or to gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking revealed a 52 second install, 32 second scan, and 7 mb memory utilization in the 2009 version.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Recently, it was found that itch and pain share some features but also have differences.
The tongue is sticky because of its glycoprotein-rich mucous which catches ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials in May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers supplied food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a concert for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in northwestern France.
Without land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, making it just like a regular town road and causing congestion.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula and the Atherton Tableland can be explored from Cairns.
Bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of its information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is tougher than them as a biological material.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster card.
He produced and published his works himself, while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to write history.
The weight of the icecap affects the oxygen concentration of Lake Vostok.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
It will then go back to the river bed to digest and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime involving someone they know.
Today, Landis's father is a big fan of Floyd.
After becoming a category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has many restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia, and later part of the States of the Church and the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland, causing heavy rains and flooding in Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup is Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Countries with minority Muslim populations are more likely to use mosques for civic participation than Middle Eastern Muslim-majority countries.
The characters are crude versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, culver won the race for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes.
Shade's actions lead to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their migration and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived.
The form of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in 1979 and 1980.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and into West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave became a tropical depression off the coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they are adults.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable.
In 1482, he was sent to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration is using a heat engine or power station to create electricity and heat.
Sometimes the male den master will let another male into the den.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled in wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him an organist in the chapel royal until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed and didn't want to accept his award.
Esperanto speakers began to value the language and culture, even if it is never officially adopted.
Dry air weakened the deep convection of the cyclone on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was the companion and, briefly, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a number.
Most irc servers require users to set a nickname before connecting.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York in that year.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming WWE pay-per-view event on August 23, 2009 in Los Angeles.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals change color in different environments, like the ermine or snowshoe hare, or quickly with chromatophores, like the cephalopod family.
Val Venis beat Rikishi in a steel cage match and kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Multiple programs do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His mother was a singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites are found in 51 countries on six continents.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis' armor had oval plates and spikes on the neck, shoulders and spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in Hungary.
You can add up to 5 words as a front cover text and up to 25 words as a back cover text.
He is buried in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is usually distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat.
Traveling through remote areas needs planning and a reliable four-wheel drive.
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop was influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
Battalions were formed for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users and shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and content-rich while other are shorter and lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to mean "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English people often use "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, and how the government allocates resources.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha" and "Hiawatha's Departure".
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was made with kinesthetic film principles.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer, inspired by Brandon Waise Lee.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra, NSW, Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian army in June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River.
Before the pocket calculator, it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and is thinner.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made from fermented milk.
75 defensemen are in the Hall of Fame, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Different ideas about the subject have been put forward, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian groups.
The album was banned from many stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher sales in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the rule of never leaving his partner behind.
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang dynasty with this symbol were found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche houses the Onyx system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never give up the commune and dared the judges to kill her.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English manga series that follows his journey from being taken by Twolegs in Dawn to returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many of them interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team in Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term 'gribble' was assigned to wood-boring species, such as Limnoria lignorum, first described by Rathke in 1799.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who don't go to a mosque to pray must follow rules.
It is described as pointed and rabbit-sized.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do in a given time.
Large reservoirs are found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries.
Human skin hues vary greatly.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus create the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details were not decided.
The professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born in 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near here are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal system and issued stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is new south wales' largest city and capital.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital TV channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to survive on the streets of northern Italy for four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may be described as a market town even if it no longer holds a market.
A bastion was built later.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29.
Some think the NKVD punished Tresca for criticizing the Soviet Union's Stalin regime.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean a citizen served by a politician.
Prunk is part of a Mainz institute and a senior fellow of a Bonn center.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with an arm and shot the scene while driving up Templin Highway.
The conference papers were published in a book the next year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a Berceuse for piano.
These attacks may have been psychological.
Quinine allowed colonists to move into West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon, is full of craters, has no moons, and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are good for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
The Mughals arrived in Dhaka in 1608 after it was ruled by the Sena dynasty and Turkish and Afghan governors.
The prime minister stays in office with the support of the lower house.
Harry demonstrates bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, a group devoted to modern music.
The powerful hurricane caused great damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims are at the site.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean east of Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be distributed without manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain caused flooding in Britain on October 5.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to save the user's configuration and data.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with 2 members for the FDP, 2 for the CVP, 2 for the SP, and 1 for the SVP.
A fee is the price paid for services.
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland defeated a Norse invasion and made a favorable peace deal.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free under a permissive software licence, but other operating systems had grown past it.
The body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white; and sometimes it has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended, then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
The former gave audiences information like intertitles, helping historians to imagine what the film was like.
Assets in third world underground economies cannot be used as collateral to finance expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan told the police to surrender.
The press agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" stunt did not meet Veeck's standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character from Marvel comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder.
Reports say factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sent to Australia for seven years.
Charles searched for love and met Sebastian, finding "a low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden", a metaphor in Waugh's writing.
Her friendship with Rasputin was important in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be one big molecule.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-La-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added, running north from Union Station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica included the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google released the comic early and shared it on Google Books and their site.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it requires official proofs before being changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but was not widely used.
The IPO toured in the Soviet Union, China and India in 1990 and 1994.
At Ulm, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon, resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the losers.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic center for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard and Robert Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus.
Winchester is in Illinois.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to be on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can then be used in less demanding environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni but neither had success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa.
She was also in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the 1994 remake of Donkey Kong, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006.
The vagina stretches during birth.
It is believed that his birth date is between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a process or component by half.
Parts of the Bernese Alps are in the nearby cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey said he liked Bawden, but not many people remembered him.
The string can produce different particles like an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Oscar for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).
