Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are related to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The Colin Mears Award is worth £5000 and is given to the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000.
Dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo and have acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the Cassini orbiter and the Huygens probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was an Italian former football player.
The debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as they are in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan appears as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is competitive.
Today, NRC is a private, independent foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea and surrounds the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names were merged into the national museum of scotland in 2007.
Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on the PBS series 'Great Performances at the White House'.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship when Saturn pinned Eddie Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 by Voyager 2.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a louse.
He promotes user-centered design and interaction design.
It is possible the other editors and administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working group i assesses climate system and change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and inner Hebrides by the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a copy of the datum from some backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques published Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
This assessment report consists of four reports from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
Vast quantities of this stamp were printed during Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind.
This was east of the Vistula River, sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible.
weelkes got in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and behaviour.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan have all been on celebrity episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe while orbiting around Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called gomaespuma.
On 16 June 2009, the Resistance release date was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 club.
Early Christians sang Hallel Psalms with alleluia in agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity.
It comes from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 1 mb is referred to as 1 mib.
The incident has raised questions about ethical scholarship.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer or gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful.
Passmark software showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain have recently been found to be independent of each other.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during prior trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in northwestern France.
If there are no land use controls, a bypass can become congested like a normal town road.
People can use it to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the toughest biological material.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster Card.
He published his own works and mostly commissioned his larger woodcuts.
Historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to increase oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical.
It will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of his son Floyd.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged shortly after it became a category 4.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
In 1911, they published their findings in a book under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the legation of Perugia under the temporal rule of the Church, and later merged with the States of the Church and the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup is Flynn (vocals and guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before their first album.
In 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
In 1990, Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade's defiance of the law leads to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written around AD 65-100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot participate until they become adults.
Stable releases are rare, but there are usually stable Subversion snapshots.
In 1482, he was sent to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration (CHP) is the generation of both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male "den master" allows a second male into the den; it is unknown why.
A Wikipedia gadget is a snippet that can be enabled in your preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was Egypt's prime minister from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him an organist at the Chapel Royal until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Esperanto speakers eventually saw the language and its culture as worthwhile, even if it never became widely accepted.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a version number.
Most irc servers require users to set a nickname before connecting.
He received a mechanics certificate in the same year, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 will take place at Staples Center in Los Angeles on August 23, 2009.
He is usually depicted as bald, with long whiskers, and an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change their color based on their environment.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Multiple programs each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His mother was a singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major town with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck and shoulders.
Irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad stayed with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and 25 words to the back cover.
He is buried in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to more efficient scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he gets distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four wheel drive.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British indie music scene of the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world, with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" and "movie" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government resources.
He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River.
Before the pocket calculator, people used it for scientific and engineering calculations.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the rule "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the votes.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first planned the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly magazine about railways, metros, light rail and trams.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche has the facilities of Onyx, a Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system.
A matchbook is a small folder enclosing matches with a striking surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
An original English-language manga series follows Graystripe between his capture in Dawn and his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban areas; many of the immigrants who worked as peddlers encountered Americans regularly.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
dr. david lindenmeyer argues that logging practices are not sustainable for leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum, described in Norway by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are still rules that apply to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying.
It is described as pointy and rabbit-sized.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do.
Some of the biggest reservoirs are on the Volga.
The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range in color.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details were not yet decided.
The professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he lived on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may be described as a market town even if it no longer holds a market, if the right still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup with good reason.
schuschnigg said reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can also mean a citizen who is represented by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the next year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for piano.
these attacks may have been psychological.
A historian said quinine allowed colonists to swarm into West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon and has no satellites or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office with lower house support.
Harry shows bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims are at the site.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the Northeast Caribbean, east of Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain caused localized flooding in Britain on October 5.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb where data can be saved.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with the FDP receiving 2 members, the CVP 2 members, the SP 2 members, and the SVP 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, especially to a professional.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland successfully defended against the Norse invasion.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software with a permissive license, but by that time, other operating systems had surpassed it.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning area was extended southwards before being canceled after landfall.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
The former gave audiences information like intertitles, helping historians understand the film.
Real estate and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He tried to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan demanded the police camp to surrender.
The press did not think Veeck's promotional standard was met with the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back" in a video promoting Equality Now.
Mutants are fictional characters in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, were created due to civil unrest in northern Italy.
Various factors can increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian and found an enclosed garden.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures that are on or near the backside of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added from Union Station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The old portage trail led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can be at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica encompassed a large and varied landscape from the mountains to the plains.
Google made the comic available on their site and blog and explained the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, as long as they provide official proofs.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985.
The IPO toured the Soviet Union in 1990, China and India in 1994.
Austrian general Mack surrendered to Napoleon at Ulm, giving Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria is an economic centre and a hub for groundnut exports.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, slavs moved into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from 1993 to 2005.
The device can then be used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but they did not have much success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She also appeared in music videos like "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina stretches during childbirth.
It is believed his birth date is between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region and other neighboring cantons.
He had one daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists, but not many people remembered him.
The string can create different particles like electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).
