the armed conflict in one side is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Muslims are required to visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The Tarantula, the Trickster Character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 8, 888.
They share similar cultural values with the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo, and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
It was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a Bachelor's in Anthropology.
However, the BZö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, the NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is situated on the Baltic Sea coast, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated.
Five's a British sport that's believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports.
For example, on King Bhumibol's birthday, throughout Thailand, decorations will be in yellow color.
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House Series.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in Voyager 2 images taken of Uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him and took the land by force .
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian Border and Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
colored and iridescent shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark in an effort to stop Dek.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
The working group assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain, which forms part of the hebrides, is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
Because of this, many mosques will not enforce violations, but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It includes reports from three of its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a parasite that is similar to Giardia duodenalis, and it can cause giardiasis.
aside from this , Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper."
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was later in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
so far, the "celebrity" episodes have featured Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show, Gomaespuma.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of the Resistance was announced on the Band's website.
He is also a member of the 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallelujah Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape Feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from the voice of America, VoA special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
The Bohemian Switzerland is still in the Czech Republic.
This creates consumer confusion when referring to 220,1,048,576 bytes as 1 megabyte.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking by passmark software found that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install, 32 seconds to scan, and used 7mb of memory.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain haven't been considered to be independent, until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
the same tram had derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
The commune of Vouvray-sur-Huisne is located in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
Buildings that lack strong land use controls are built along a bypass, which turns it into an ordinary town road and can eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals connected with Wikipedia can be held responsible for the information you find on these pages.
George Frederic Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an important ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on the oyster card.
He produced and published his works himself, whilst most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned work.
The historical method comprises the use of techniques and guidelines by which historians research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148 people.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read, but not being interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
It will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after reaching Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
The researchers were convinced that the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
Brunstad owns several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the States of the Church, then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band has Flynn on vocals, Dave on drums, Phil on bass, and Dave on guitar.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist for the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for secretary of state in 1998 and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart by a margin of two votes - the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets into motion the main plot of the novel when he defies a law and initiates a chain of events that lead to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April of 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
Speed chess is a type of chess that allows each player to have a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of south America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Significant damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical gospels are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny.’
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks- St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral, 1908, and St. George Cathedral, in Nakhichevan, 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito de Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment was conducted in 1953 by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate electricity and useful heat.
occassionally the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
A Wikipedia Gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
Nicole was left behind, and explanations for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, who died on 6 February 1912, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register accounts, but users have to set nicknames before connecting.
In the same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, such as seasonally, the ermine, snowshoe hare, or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument, in the cephalopod family.
Venis retained the Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a Steel Cage match at 14:10.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Menonite Christians are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Menonite Christians can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major town in Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates set close to the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The origin of the irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
In contrast, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital in the years before his final release in 1474.
You are allowed to add a front-cover text and a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside bones.
Blue reflection nebulae are usually due to the scattering of light in the universe being more efficient for blue light than for red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France.
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially completed when Michelangelos died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites, who consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities, consider Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf to be second-tier.
The Pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the Pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
To travel through remote areas, you need to have advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the formation of battalions for the xi international brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
There are articles of varying lengths and quality.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
The eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
terms such as "underwear" and "movie" are often heard terms in English.
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became an idol of the lawyer, Brandon Lee, and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Calculation tools were most commonly used before the advent of the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position. 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened two more Canadian outlets than McDonald's did in Wendy's confirming that Tim Horton's IPO was by March. System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and other plot captains are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They always keep the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's numerous operas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was reported to be difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate that the composition of the metal is fairly pure.
The railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed a companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small, cardboard folder with a cover containing a quantity of matches and a rough striking surface on the outside.
She was among the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is translated into English and consists of three volumes.
The samovar and Porter 1994 found that Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst as a child.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, and that conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum requires nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Inductors can be made using the same processes that are used to make transistors, which means they have a small value.
The term Gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries inflicted by a club are generally known.
The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules that apply.
It was pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
The computer's performance is determined by how much useful work it does in comparison to how much time and resources it used.
Some of the largest reservoirs can be found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported that he plans to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial have not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9th, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent S-box and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 and 1939 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, "Primavera," by Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, was created in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name "Survivor" lives on as a brand for related digital television channels, digital radio stations, and websites.
At four and a half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roved through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
The bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, 2014, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost the battle to his pagan vassals, and was killed in the process.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union.
This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only if there is a good reason.
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon in England.
a constituent of a politician means a resident of the area the politician represents.
Prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book, Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory, by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frederic Chopin's Opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical.
The historian has stated that " Quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ."
Further evidence has been gathered that the surface is composed of rocks and minerals, indicating a stony composition.
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon ; it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
These habitats provide excellent habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan Governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as he or she maintains the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow Raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they formed a music group called "Music Manchester," which is committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
The site of Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is now also home to facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
If the pdfs contain images, they must be manipulated further before they can be distributed.
Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery.
on October 5 , heavy rain fell across portions of Britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
Version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats in the federal assembly were distributed as follows: the free democratic party, the christian democratic people's party, the social democratic party, and the swiss people's party each got two members.
a fee is the price paid for services, such as a doctor's honorarium.
Ohio State's library system encompasses 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary from a medium brown to a gold-ish brown and occasionally, there are dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
The San Diego Union Tribune alleged in 2003 that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with information about the film later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because businesses, real estate and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
Prior to the start of the second game, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard.
After confirming that "Fray is not done," Joss Whedon said "Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when various factors are in place.
He was sentenced to transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles found love in those days when he first met Sebastian.
Her friendship with Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The dorsal structures are those that are situated towards or grow off of the side of an animal.
Protein was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the Gang Laid Low for 16 Months Evading Capture.
Barneville-la-Bertrand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
The extension was added in 1963 and curved north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street. It turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line passed through the Simpson Desert on the western side.
The facility is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
As the largest subregion in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on its books site and mentioned it on its official blog.
Anyone may register for pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 and 1994, performing in Moscow and Leningrad in 1990 and in Beijing and India in 1994.
At Ulm, General Mack surrendered his Austrian army to the Grand Army of Napoleon, taking 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria, and it is known for its production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
Meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Construction on campus from 1900-1920 included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is located in Scott County, Illinois, in the United States.
Name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 people who applied to participate in the national casting, she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
The show aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, it received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
Vaginal birth results in a stretched vagina.
It is believed that his real date of birth was not recorded, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
The quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
The UN facility is located in the Bernese Oberland region, but portions of the Alps are in the neighboring cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and each mode results in a different particle: electron, photon, gluon.
Gable earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
