the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes , are mainly on one side of the armed conflicts .
jeddah is the gateway to mecca , islam's holiest city , which muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work, saturday, follows a day filled with events in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
the tarantula pulled the ball away to the east by spinning a black cord and attaching it to the ball .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
the people are culturally similar to those of coastal papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal also receives the colin mears award, worth £ 5000 .
dancers follow the drummer and often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and often have complex choreography.
the spacecraft has two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after christiaan huygens.
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is an italian former football player .
it was believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and received a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was honored with induction into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
getting into tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is organised as a private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also named "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated in 1982.
fives is a british sport which is believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday thailand will be decorated with yellow .
both names were no longer used in 2007 when the national museum of scotland was created.
however, tagore copied many different styles, such as art from northern new ireland, haida carvings from british columbia, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on october 14 , 1960 on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which was broadcast on public television .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened at brescia on 4 september 1921 .
he wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object, with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow the official western australian time between the south australian border and caiguna .
colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , which are used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities in the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
Clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark to stop him.
it is not a true louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development and also spreads awareness of interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away whom they have never met .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , and it is separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter called alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations controlled by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear increased and the storm weakened .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is taken from the datum in a backing store .
therefore , mosques will not enforce violations , but men and women attending a mosque must follow these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book written by brian jacques in 1991.
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
similar to past assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a biochemist .
this stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign and a lot of them were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion known as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis or giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
cameron has also worked in christian-themed films, such as left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river's mouth , also called " prussia proper ".
After graduation, he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was later appointed as the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the story of christmas comes from the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later got in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities because of his heavy drinking and bad behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included many famous people such as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in voyager 1 images taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting jupiter .
gomaespuma was a radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the resistance's release date was announced on the band's website .
He is also in the boyband 183 club.
the apostolic tradition states that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
rollo promised loyalty to charles, converted to christianity, and promised to defend the northern region of france against viking raids.
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones, which were given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in switzerland's canton of graubünden .
it continues as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has caused many conversations about ethics in scholarship .
They are castrated to make the animal calmer and gain weight faster.
seventh sons have special powers and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and strong.
passmark software 's benchmarking shows that the 2009 version has a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region.
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were connected , but it was discovered that itch and pain share some similarities but also have noticeable differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which helps to move in and out of the snout and also catches ants and termites that stick to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during past tests .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers, are outside the ground .
Take the square root of the variance.
volunteers gave out food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and had a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no land use controls , buildings can be built along a bypass , making it as congested as the roads it was meant to bypass .
it is also the starting point for travelers wishing to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can be painful but are usually not dangerous .
nobody connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information from these web pages .
george frideric handel served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and they cannot see very well .
only chitin is more tough than them as a biological material.
oregano is essential in greek cooking.
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he produced and published his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
the historical method is the set of techniques used by historians to research and write history with primary sources and other evidence .
the icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration .
the population in 2000 was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used in medicine .
it will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
when it became a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
they were convinced that the grounds were haunted and they published their findings in a book called an adventure  1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was controlled by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and after that became part of the states of the church , then  1860  with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection, and it dissipated the next day over brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
the current band members are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries to use mosques to promote civic participation.
the characters are crude versions of pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
mark messier won the hart trophy in 1990 by two votes, with the difference being a lone first-place vote .
shade disobeys the law and this causes the destruction of his colony's home, forcing them to migrate and separating him from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with cancer in his abdomen that could not be operated on.
Before the storm came, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
the type of chess played is speed chess and each player has twelve minutes to complete the game .
The Amazon Basin is an area in South America which is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their participation in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
damage spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are often compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware .
the wave moved across the atlantic , turning into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the 19th century, eschelbronn is famous for its furniture industry.
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
the clouds on neptune are made up of frozen methane instead of ice crystals like those on earth .
they are limited in their participation until they become legally adults .
development releases are rare , but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
then in 1482 the order sent him to florence , his destiny's city .
the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  during the soviet era .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the generation of both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will permit a second male into the den, though the reason remains unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a piece of code which can be enabled by checking a box in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948.
she was left behind  explanations vary  while the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there from 1615 until his death .
chauvin felt embarrassed to get his award and initially said he may not accept it.
esperanto speakers later started to view the language and the culture that had grown around it as valuable in themselves, even if it is never approved by the united nations or other international organizations.
dry air eroded most of the deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the USA.
eva anna paula braun died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  and was the companion and, briefly, wife of adolf hitler .
every edition of the license has a unique version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but they must set a nickname before connecting .
he received a mechanics certificate in the same year, making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe which will be held on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as having no hair, with long whiskers, he is said to be a form of the southern polestar.
some animals can change their color in different environments, either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs which each do one thing well and cooperate through universal interfaces .
his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
the most significant populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in smaller communities in at least 51 countries across six continents or are part of the population of those countries.
naas is a big "dublin suburb" town with many people living there and working in dublin.
acanthopholis was covered in oval plates which were set almost horizontally into the skin and had spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 due to the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the house of lords .
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while he was planning the reconquest of Wallachia.
you can add a passage of up to 5 words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the tissue found inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more than red light .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department of southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber looks for items to defuse the bomb, but he is often distracted and runs out of time .
messiaen had finished it when he died, and yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with help from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims regard karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignation of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom it accused of being proxies for thaksin .
However, travel through remote areas on isolated tracks needs to be planned and a reliable four wheel drive is necessary.
while at kahn he designed the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and then leaves with dr. schön .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
these troops were incorporated into battalions for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are operated .
it can hold 98,772 people and is the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967, ten boom was given the honor of being one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous australian word which means " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
Terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he made several pieces about hiawatha such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  population .
farrenc was paid less than the male musicians for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was created with a style called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee was mk sun's idol and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a town near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
Prospectors from california , europe and china were looking for gold along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
Before pocket calculators , it was the main tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and a thickness of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
75 defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been suggested but all have been denied by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed in many record stores.
the legs are thick at the top and thin at the ankle.
in late 2004 , suleman took away howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations due to his frequent discussions about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's and its system-wide sales surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
in the film, Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil.
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer that performed in saudi arabia .
orchestration stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
People were stopped from protesting nationwide.
offenbach had many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , which were popular in france and english-speaking countries in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been discovered near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a musician, composer, and teacher.
the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest church in assisi .
radar observations show that it is mostly made of iron-nickel.
railway gazette international is a business magazine which focuses on the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries around the world.
he was given the title of ch in 1988 .
loèche contains the onyx system, which is a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small folder  matchcover  that contains matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside .
she opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
she defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume manga series about graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers could interact with americans daily .
he was known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
she suffered from collapsed lungs twice during childhood , had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  claimed that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum since nest boxes are needed.
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team which plays in montreal, quebec, canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
gribble was the name given to wood-boring species, mainly the first species which was discovered in norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
a club can cause bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
the county's administration was then done at duns or lauder until greenlaw was the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
the telephone exchange allowed the port jackson district commandant to communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying should still follow the rules.
it is said to have a pointed face and it is around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work it does compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found on the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region.
human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus to incorporate the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer stated that saddam would be put on trial, but the details were unknown .
the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design features key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  and plays rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
there are other settlements close by, such as pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964, murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model independently.
the fourth ring has golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal system that issued stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli which was created in 1482 .
the largest city and capital of new south wales is sydney .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name survives as a brand for related digital television, radio, and website which remain after the printed magazine ended.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to survive on his own on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , staying in various orphanages and travelling through towns with other homeless children .
stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised .
a town may be called a market town or have market rights even if it does not have a market, if it still has the right to do so.
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches .
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad  norway  : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and dies .
some have theorized that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only when needed .
schuschnigg said that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb located in croydon , england .
sometimes constituent can refer to citizens who have elected a politician to represent them.
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone also appeared in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead , they made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year titled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that began with 'wario land : super mario land 3' , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for one piano .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
A historian said that quinine's efficacy allowed colonists to enter the gold coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
spectroscopic studies have also revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon: it is full of craters, has no moons and does not have a thick atmosphere.
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these are ideal habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only if they have the support of the lower house .
rowling thinks this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion by retrieving cedric's corpse.
On June 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt .
together they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
it is the location of meher baba's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and has accommodations for pilgrims.
the main church's dome has been fully restored.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city which is located in essex county, massachusetts, united states.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean, about 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be shared without further modification if they include images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
On October 5th, there was heavy rain in some parts of Britain, resulting in flooding in some areas.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user can store their configuration and personal data if they want .
according to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : fdp  : 2 , cvp  : 2 , sp  : 2 , and svp  : 1 .
a fee is the cost of services such as those provided by a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway, but scotland was able to defeat a norse invasion and negotiate a peace treaty.
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
minix became free / open source software in april 2000 under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had surpassed it by then .
the body color may be medium brown, gold-ish, beige-white, or marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was a scottish business, represented by its thistle logo, the flower of scotland.
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
later, these provided audiences with information like intertitles and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded that they surrender .
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " show was not as good as veeck's usual promotions .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , it's coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character found in marvel comic books.
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test used for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , which were penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
reports say that various factors can lead to paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh states that charles was " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened onto an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor which is seen throughout the work .
she was known for her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin .
the term dorsal refers to structures that are either on or grow from that side of an animal .
berzelius coined the word " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be composed of a single type of  large  molecule .
After the jerilderie raid, the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added, going north from union station and ending at st. george and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert.
it is on an old portage trail that goes west to unalakleet .
People with cardiomyopathy may be at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
mesoamerica's largest sub-region , it includes the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it needs official proofs before it can be altered .
the book, political economy , was released in 1985 but did not have much classroom use.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in the soviet union, china and india.
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties for the losers .
it is a long-time economic hub of northern nigeria and a producer and exporter of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
After a brief confrontation, the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs.
in the 5th century, slavs moved into the area.
Between 1900 and 1920, many buildings were built on campus for dental, pharmacy, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, hospital, library, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city located in scott county, illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka which is derived from the proper name arzash , which is the same as the ancient name arsene , arsissa , given to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be designed and used in less demanding environments .
gimnasia hired well-known colombian coach francisco maturana, and then julio césar falcioni, yet both had minimal success.
brighton is a city located in washington county, iowa, United States.
furthermore, she was in music videos such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
on june 24 1979, glinde was granted its town charter to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary .
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, and she is now described as "mario's friend".
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His date of birth is unknown, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
this measure shows how much of a drug or other substance must be present to inhibit a biological process, like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by half.
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland area of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the nearby cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter, named mary ann fisher power, with ann e power.
in an interview, edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists and he was sad that not many people remembered or knew about him.
the string can vibrate and make different particles, like electrons, photons, gluons, etc.
gable was nominated for an academy award when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
