one side of the warfare is mostly the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group made up mostly of the afro-arab abbala tribes from the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which muslims must visit at least once in their life .
the great dark spot might be a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a very busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , made a black rope and hooked it to the ball , then ran away quickly to the east , tugging on the rope with all his might .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award for £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum that makes almost no noise  and have more intricate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
sandro mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is an italian former football player .
it was first thought that the dust thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is a bit different from the freedom party , since it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against leaving the eu .
many species were gone by the late 1800s because of european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was put into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its original form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
it is very hard to get into tsinghua .
now nrc is structured as an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , which surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also given 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow .
both names ended in 2007 , when they combined into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps at the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which was broadcasted on pbs .
perry saturn  with terri  defeated eddie guerrero  with chyna  to capture the wwf european championship  8:10  saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
they stayed in the us until 1927 when they went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing competition happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an extended object , with the major axis pointing at uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the southeast corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use official western australian time .
in architectural design , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays , to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities incorporated on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
scared that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and makes an effort to make interaction design a mainstream field .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the admin who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away that they have never met .
working group i : looks at the scientific parts of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the mainland of scotland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations regulated by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear increased and the storm started to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some storage .
therefore , although some mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like earlier assessment reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , called after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp stayed the same for the rest of victoria 's rule , and many were made .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion called the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a protozoan parasite that lives and spreads in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays as cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was then chosen as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drunkenness and wild behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in pictures from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while going around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , led by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , said to be by hippolytus , shows the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the chorus in early christian agape feasts .
as a result , rollo swore loyalty to charles , turned to christianity , and agreed to defend the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this brings about customer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the topic of many reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal is calmer or can gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  special magical powers  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and strong .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the feelings of itch and pain were not thought of as separate until recently , when it was discovered that itch has many similarities to pain , but also has differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps it move in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites that stick to it .
the same tram had gone off the tracks on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier tests .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , near the stadium .
get the square root of the variation .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , kids' toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region in northwest france .
if there is no strict land use , buildings will be constructed along a bypass , making it a regular town road , and the bypass can eventually become as crowded as the streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for individuals wanting to discover cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one from wikipedia , including the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or vandals , can be responsible for how you use the information from the webpages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small and they have bad vision .
they are rivaled in terms of toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a must in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he created and published these works himself , while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method involves how historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is thought to add to the high oxygen concentration .
in the year 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as medicine .
it will then let go and sink back to the river bottom to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , research has shown children are less likely to tell about a crime if it is someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' dad has become a supporter of his son and thinks of himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
right after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the balance price for a type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they decided to write a book about it , an adventure  1911  , under the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , spending most of his time teaching people .
brunstad has some fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed to the church as part of the legation of perugia , and then it's history became part of the states of the church , and then in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection , and disappeared the next day over brazil , bringing a lot of rain and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current members of the band are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic participation than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east .
the characters are loud and rude versions of their prior characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque with two votes , because of one first-place vote .
shade starts the main plot of the novel by breaking the law , and this leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , making them move early , and him being away from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with terminal abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each person has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage went up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and turned into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the associated press stylebook is updated each year .
the four main texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making business .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases do not happen often , but there are usually subversion snapshots that are reliable enough to use .
finally in 1482 , he was sent to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet times , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power , is the usage of a heat engine or a power station to produce electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let in a second male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css piece that can be enabled by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind  reasons for this differ  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i gave him the job of being a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he played the organ from 1615 and until he died .
chauvin was humiliated to get his award and first said he may not take it .
later , people who speak esperanto began to view the language and the culture as separate goals , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international groups .
dry air wrapping around the southern part of the cyclone destroyed most of the deep convection early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and , for a short period , wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different number .
most irc servers don't make users register an account , but a user needs to choose a nickname before connecting .
in the same year he got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe , which will be on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be the incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in different situations , either over time  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their skin  the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to remain the wwf intercontinental champion  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix idea of having multiple programs each doing one task well and working together through universal interfaces .
he originated from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was a singer and administrative assistant , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the biggest amounts of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in small groups in at least 51 countries on six continents or spread out among the people of those countries .
naas is a large " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis was protected by oval plates almost flat in its skin , with spikes coming out from the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , when he planned to take back wallachia , vlad lived with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a few words up to five for front-cover text , and a few words up to 25 for back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are often blue because they scatter blue light more than red light  the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département , in the area of provence-alpes-côte d ' azur in the south of france .
macgruber looks for objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something  usually personal  that makes him run out of time .
this was nearly done when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims think karbala is one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to resign , who they accused of being puppets for thaksin .
yet , travelling through very remote areas , on secluded tracks , needs preparation and a reliable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
when he was at kahn he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself since he has to go to rehearsal , and him and dr. schön go away .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions being built for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has less users than the other two subway lines , and smaller trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was given an award by the state of israel for being one of the righteous .
some articles are long and full of information while others are shorter and lower quality .
around 95 species are accepted now .
eugowra is thought to be named after the aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand goes down the hill " .
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are frequently heard in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best help the people in that area .
he did several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's leaving .
the capital of the state is aracaju  population .
even so , farrenc was paid less money than her male colleagues for around ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee  , was mk sun's idol , and he grew up to be a lawyer too .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township located close to cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were mining in the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , it was the most common tool used for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and a thinner body of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a food made from fermented milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other role , but only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative ideas about the subject have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were refused by mainstream christian groups .
however , the album was not allowed in many record stores across the country.
the legs are wider at the top and thinner at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman stopped howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because of stern 's many discussions about moving to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened double the canadian outlets as mcdonald 's , and system-wide sales went past mcdonald 's canadian operations by 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strongly follows the rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
this plant is thought of as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer that was allowed to play in saudi arabia .
orchestration stravinsky thought of composing the ballet in 1913 .
protests around the country were put down .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near the old city of chang ' an  present-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968  was a french musician , composer , and teacher .
by many reports , the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations show that it is mostly made of iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a business magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was chosen companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche is home to the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside , and has a rough striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never give up the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume original english-language manga series about graystripe from the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not group together in cities ; many of the immigrants who were peddlers were able to talk with americans everyday .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture for gardens .
when she was a child , she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has said that using nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically friendly , for saving hollow-dependent species such as leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , canada .
little value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the name gribble was first given to the wood-boring species , especially the one found in norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county was managed at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk with all military places on the harbour .
however , even to people who go into the prayer hall of a mosque without praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is described as sharp in the face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is described by how much useful work a computer system can do compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be seen along the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region .
human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus with the official formation of the bank with the help of a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam should be put on trial , but claimed that the details of the trial had not been made clear yet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south , and china to the east .
nupedia was started on march 9 , 2000 , owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key features of the design are key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other places close by include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was created by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 and is decorated with golden garlands when the column was moved to its current place .
west berlin had its own postal administration , different from west germany 's , which printed its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name lives on as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have endured after the end of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he had to survive alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and wandering through towns with groups of homeless children .
seats were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was upgraded .
a town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it does not have a market , as long as the right to do so is still there .
a bastion on the eastern side was built later .
europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad  norway  : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
some have thought that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticism of the stalin government of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg answered that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is a person living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is just for citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior member of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a small part in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were printed the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory authored by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks could have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that allowed people to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
additionally , spectroscopic studies have revealed hydrated minerals and silicates , which prove the surface is mainly stony .
she became the main editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters with flat areas , no moons , and no atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these are good habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office only if they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it displays harry's bravery , and by getting cedric's body , he shows selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they joined together to make new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
the powerful and strong hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , as a high storm surge flooded the area .
it is now the location of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and places to stay for people who visit .
the ruined dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
so , these pdfs can not be shared without more work if they have pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested due to orders from police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery while with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily across parts of britain on october 5 , causing flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and data if wanted .
in relation to the parties ' power in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed like this : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the cost paid as payment for services , especially the payment given to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state's library system has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other news , iceland and greenland accepted the power of norway , but scotland was able to push away a norse attack and make a good peace deal .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , although other operating systems had more features , and it only stayed an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color changes from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was lengthened southwards as jose became stronger , then was taken away soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders said they used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the first stages of battle .
the latter gave audiences the kind of data that later came from intertitles , and can help historians think about what the movie may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as security to get money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before being shot in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp , demanding them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " scene was not as good as veeck 's usual promotions .
in a video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon said that " fray is not done , it's coming back .
a mutant is a type of character that appears in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy leads to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by groups of flagellants .
some reports say that different things can make both paralysis and hallucinations more likely .
he was given a sentence of seven years of transportation to australia .
waugh says that charles was looking for love when he first saw sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and magical garden " , a symbol that is shown throughout the story .
her well-known relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was an important part of her life .
the word dorsal means structures that are on or grow off the back side of an animal .
the word " protein " was made by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of a kind of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the color goes from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was made , going north from union station , then going under university avenue and queen 's park near bloor street , and going west to finish at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death , or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a wide and varied landscape , from the mountainous sierra madre to the dry plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and wrote about it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are strictly checked and need official proofs before changing .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but had few uses in classrooms .
he went on tour with the ipo in the spring of 1990 to the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack gave up his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , resulting in napoleon getting more than 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the other side.
it has been a long time economic centre of northern nigeria , and a place for the making and selling of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora got the band many awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned and assaulted kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 500s slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new structures were built on campus , such as buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
the name arzashkun is the assyrian form of an armenian name with -ka from the name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , which the ancients used for part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected among the 15 candidates to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the other device can then be made and used in less strict conditions .
gimnasia hired the famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both did not win a lot .
brighton is in washington county , iowa , united states .
additionally , she was in some music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde became a town .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , yet the character is now known as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very flexible and can stretch to many times its size during childbirth .
his real birthdate was never recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to stop a biological process  or part of a process , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
even though the name implies that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the near cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string can make different notes , and every mode looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was also nominated for an academy award when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
