one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat area in sudan .
one side of the armed conflicts is comprised mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mainly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , chronicles one exciting day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and pulled it eastward as hard as he could .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are related to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers come dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum that makes almost no sound  and have more intricate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is an ex-italian football player .
it was initially believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and graduated with a ba in anthropology.
however , the bzö differs somewhat from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was selected for the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its original form , dextromethorphan appears as a white powder .
it is very hard to get into tsinghua .
today nrc is organised as a separate , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also crowned 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport thought to have the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names disappeared in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore copied many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  defeated eddie guerrero  with chyna  to win the wwf european championship , as saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia looks like an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to remove him and seize the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in south-east western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not follow western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays , which are used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities incorporated on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
it is not a real louse.
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone they ' ve never even met in person .
working group i : examines scientific elements of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the turbulent waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter, alanna marie orton, on july 12, 2008.
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations monitored by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear increased sharply and a weakening trend started .
each entry has a datum  a piece of information  which is a copy of the datum in some storage device .
therefore , even though many mosques won't enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when going to a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel written by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like past assessment reports , it comprises of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a renowned biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion dubbed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , leading to giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often acted in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later known as " prussia proper " .
after graduating he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was chosen as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later ran into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and improper behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was revealed on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo pledged allegiance to charles , accepted christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from attacks by other viking groups .
it is derived from voice of america  voa  special english language .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven mini ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid detected by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is still known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to customer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports regarding ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal can be more docile or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and strong .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlighted the 2009 version 's quick install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
until recently , it was not known that itch and pain are independent sensations , although they have several features in common but also notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and also helps to catch ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop during previous trials on 30 may 2006 .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department of the pays-de-la-loire region in northwestern france .
without strong land use controls , buildings may be constructed along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road and causing it to become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a launching point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who eventually became the king of great britain  .
their eyes are tiny , and their vision is bad .
chitin is tougher than them as biological materials .
oregano is a must-have ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he created and published these works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method includes the techniques and rules used by historians to study and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to lead to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a medicine .
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she is familiar with .
today , landis ' father is an enthusiastic supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after achieving category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing that the grounds were haunted , they decided to write a book an adventure  1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , focusing mainly on practical teaching .
brunstad has various fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became ruled by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and then in 1860 it joined the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation lacking convection , and weakened the next day over brazil , where it induced heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that lasted from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques for encouraging civic participation .
the characters are profanity-laced versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , due to a single first-place vote .
shade breaks the law impulsively , leading to the destruction of his colony 's home and their early migration , as well as his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is rapid chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the region of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged separately with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and even inland to west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are often compared to zombies .
the wave spread across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the associated press's stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper part looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals .
their involvement is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are uncommon , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
during the soviet period , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's famous landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was proven in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration  also called combined heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can easily be enabled in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind  reasons for this vary  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially said that he might not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as important , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern side of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun , known as eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and , for a short time , wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a unique version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must choose a nickname before connecting .
he also got a mechanics certificate in the same year , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will occur on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or more quickly with chromatophores in their skin  the cephalopod family  .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having several programs each doing one thing well and working together through common interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the most numerous mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found living in many countries on six continents or living amongst the people of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people residing in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had armor made of oval plates embedded almost horizontally in its skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
contrarily , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , when he started making plans for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light  this is the same scattering process that causes blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber begins to look for items to build something to defuse the bomb , but he is later sidetracked by something  usually related to his personal life  that causes him to run out of time .
this was mostly finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod completed the final movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims regard karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad said were proxies for thaksin .
however travelling through remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs preparation and a dependable , suitable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn he worked as the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes because he needs to go for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has less riders than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
it holds 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are very long and detailed while others are short and of lower quality .
around 95 species are accepted .
eugowra is believed to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the authority of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best meet the needs of its native society .
he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital city of the state is aracaju  pop .
despite this , farrenc received less salary than her male colleagues for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee  , became his role model , and mk sun became a lawyer as well .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also searching along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator was invented , it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and thickness decreased from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different ideas about the topic have been suggested throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were denied by mainstream christian institutions .
the album , however , was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and taper at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman stopped howard stern 's radio show from airing on four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and its system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's canadian operations by 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is known as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer with permission to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were put down .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty were discovered west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux , born on february 13 , 1921 and died november 11 , 1968 , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
most people said the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  , the first existing church in assisi .
characteristics radar readings show a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the world .
he was given the companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche hosts the facilities of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
bravely , she vowed to never give up the commune , and dared the judges to give her the death penalty .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series that follows graystripe from the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not live in urban clusters ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers could interact with americans regularly .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the requirement for nest boxes proves that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for preserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be constructed on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was initially used for the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the injuries caused by a club are usually referred to as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's administration was held at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has achieved a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could contact all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is said to have a pointed face and be the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system can do in comparison to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region .
human skin hues can range from very dark to very pale .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer stated plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association select the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was established on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .
notable characteristics of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership league .
other nearby villages include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was relocated to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , an italian renaissance painter , from c . 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon may also be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel , radio station , and website which have continued after the end of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and travelling with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually constructed behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town can still be considered a market town even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad  norway  and was killed .
others have suggested that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia both gaining independence .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when necessary .
schuschnigg quickly announced publicly that reports of riots were wrong .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is a citizen who lives in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also featured in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were released the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said that " quinine 's effectiveness enabled colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
additionally , spectroscopic studies have revealed hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggest a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is covered in craters with areas of flat plains , has no moons and no substantial atmosphere .
geography the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas usually offer great habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it displays harry 's courage , and by recovering cedric 's body , he shows kindness and sympathy .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they created new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
the powerful hurricane caused huge damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet hit the area .
it is now the home of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and places for pilgrims to stay .
the destroyed dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition .
salem is a city located in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , 186 miles away from puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be shared without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was taken into custody by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery while with frank gardiner .
large amounts of rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , leading to flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's settings and personal data can be saved if wanted .
in approximate relation to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : fdp  : 2 , cvp  : 2 , sp  : 2 , and svp  : 1 .
a fee is what one pays as payment for services , especially the salary paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other events , both iceland and greenland accepted the leadership of norway , but scotland was able to defend against a norse attack and negotiate a good peace treaty .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by then other operating systems had become more advanced , and it stayed mainly as an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mostly a scottish venture , as represented by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
the area of the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of battle .
the latter gave audiences the kind of information later given by intertitles , and can help historians envision what the film might have been like .
that is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp , demanding them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press decided that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance wasn't as good as veeck's typical promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon stated that " fray is not finished , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character featured in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test , formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test , is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy leads to the creation of the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that certain factors make paralysis and hallucinations more likely .
he was sentenced to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " a hidden door that opened onto an enchanted garden " , a metaphor that is seen throughout the work .
her notorious relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a major part of her life .
the term dorsal refers to structures that are either located on or originate from that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was created by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of one type of  very large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 the line was extended , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , and then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a wide and diverse landscape , from the mountainous areas of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with a reason for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where it must be verified and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not widely used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for the first time in the soviet union , playing concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack's army surrenders to napoleon at ulm , resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the losing side .
it has been an economic hub of northern nigeria for a long time , and a centre for the making and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a brief pause , the wwf cavalry charged kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus, including those for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in illinois , united states .
arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka made from a name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to refer to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected from the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from its beginning on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be constructed and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired renowned colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is located in washington county , iowa , united states .
additionally , she was featured in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina can expand greatly during vaginal birth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance  inhibitor  is required to reduce a specific biological process  or part of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the surrounding cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later known as mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , sadly noting that not many people knew about this talented artist .
the string can vibrate in various ways just like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable earned an academy award nomination when he acted as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
