the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia group are mainly on one side of the armed conflicts , the janjaweed being mostly afro-arab abbala tribes from northern rizeigat in sudan .
jeddah is the main access point to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
scientists believe the great dark spot is a gap in neptune's methane cloud layer .
saturday is a work by ian mcewan which tells the story of a single day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord , attached it to the ball , and crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his might .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
the peoples of papua new guinea and the trobrianders share a similar culture .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal also receives the colin mears award , which is worth £ 5000 .
dancers then follow the drummers , playing the sogo  a small drum that produces very little sound  and performing more complex  even acrobatic  dance moves .
the spacecraft has two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola is a former professional italian football player , born on 8 november 1942 .
the smaller craters were originally believed to be filled with debris from the collision .
from 1939 to 1943 , graham studied anthropology at wheaton college and graduated with a ba degree .
the bzö is different from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum on the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the 1900s due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was honored with a spot in the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
tsinghua is a very competitive school to get into .
nrc is now a private foundation that is separate from any other organisations .
the coast of the baltic sea surrounds the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british sport which is believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports .
on king bhumibol's birthday, thailand is decorated with yellow color as he was born on a monday.
in 2007 , both names were merged into the national museum of scotland .
tagore was inspired by northern new ireland craftwork , haida carvings from british columbia , and max pechstein 's woodcuts .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy announced the creation of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
in 1988 , she sang for president reagan in the great performances at the white house series , which was broadcasted on pbs.
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she and her husband stayed in the united states until 1927, then returned to france.
despina was discovered in july 1989 through images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
two collections of short stories by him are the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
in voyager 2 images , ophelia appears as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not follow the official time of western australia .
colored and iridescent shell have been used in architecture to create mosaics and inlays , which are used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asked ratchet to help him search for captain qwark , in order to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
this is not a true louse .
he promotes using user-centered design for product creation and works to make interaction design a well-known practice .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone from a different part of the world who they have never met .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the hebrides are a chain of islands , divided from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
on july 12, 2008 , orton and his wife had a daughter named alanna marie orton.
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , oversees formal minor planet designations with a combination of numbers and names .
on september 30 , wind shear began to increase and the storm started to weaken .
each entry holds a datum from the backing store .
both men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque , although many mosques will not enforce violations .
brian jacques published the fantasy novel mariel of redwall in 1991.
ryan prosser , born 10 july , 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous reports , the assessment report consists of four reports , three from its working groups .
hélène langevin-joliot , their granddaughter , is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and pierre joliot , their grandson , is a famous biochemist , named after pierre curie .
the victoria stamp was used for the rest of her reign and was printed in large numbers .
the international fight league was the first mma league in the world to promote mixed martial arts .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and can cause giardiasis .
cameron has also been involved in certain christian-themed films , such as the post-rapture movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he portrays cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the vistula river and was later called " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was later chosen as the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas comes from the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes had to face disciplinary action from chichester cathedral authorities due to his alcohol consumption and immoderate behaviour .
so far , ' celebrity ' episodes have included well-known names such as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered the anomaly in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser were the hosts of the spanish radio show gomaespuma .
the band announced the release date of the resistance as 16 june 2009 on their website .
he is also a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
hippolytus 's apostolic tradition mentions that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain during early christian agape feasts .
in exchange , rollo swore loyalty to charles , accepted christianity , and promised to protect the northern part of france from invasions by other viking groups .
its origins are from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was presented with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old actress shirley temple .
the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft was  it .
hinterrhein is located in graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
consumers become confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
there have been many reports about ethics in scholarship because of the incident .
castrating an animal will make it calmer and help it gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are highly rare and powerful .
passmark software conducted benchmarking which showed that the 2009 version had an install time of 52 seconds , a scan time of 32 seconds , and a memory utilization of 7 mb .
volterra is a town located in tuscany , italy .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were the same sensation , but it has been found that itch and pain have many similarities and differences between them .
the tongue of the anteater is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous it produces , which helps it to both move its snout and catch ants and termites .
the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop during trials before , on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern france .
if there is no regulation on land use , buildings may be built along a bypass , causing it to become as congested as the roads it was meant to avoid .
cooktown is a great place to explore cape york peninsula , the atherton tableland , and other nearby areas .
bruises can be painful but usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for any use of the information from its webpages .
george frideric handel was the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small and they have poor vision .
chitin is the only biological material that is tougher than spider silk .
greek cuisine uses oregano as an important ingredient .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and through oyster cards .
he created and published his own works , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
historians use the historical method to research and write history , using primary sources and other evidence .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to increase the oxygen concentration there .
in the year 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used in medicine .
after eating , the fish will sink back to the river bed to digest its food before looking for its next meal .
research has found that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father is a strong supporter of his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans.
after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor .
believing that the grounds were haunted , they published their findings in a book an adventure  1911  under the fake names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and dedicated his time to teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region.
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia , under the control of the church , and in 1860 it was united with the kingdom of italy .
on the 20th, the depression moved inland without convection and caused heavy rains and flooding in brazil before dissipating the next day.
from 1952 to 1995 , the new york city housing authority had its own police department .
flynn , duce , phil demmel and dave mcclain are the current members of the band , playing vocals , bass , guitar and drums respectively .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east.
pete and dud have evolved into foul-mouthed versions of themselves .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
mark messier won the hart trophy in 1990 by two votes , with the deciding factor being a single first-place vote .
shade's reckless decision to disobey the law leads to the destruction of his colony's home, prompting them to migrate and separate him from them.
the female version of a son is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with cancer that could not be removed surgically .
before the storm arrived , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds near the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess , with a total of twelve minutes for both players .
the amazon basin is the area drained by the amazon river and its tributaries in south america .
both former presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason due to their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
there was moderate to severe damage along the atlantic coastline and in parts of west virginia .
these computers are often compared to zombies since the owners are not usually aware of them .
the wave moved across the atlantic and became a tropical depression near haiti's northern coast on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth's clouds , which are made of ice crystals , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
minors cannot participate fully until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases of the development version are rare , but there is often a snapshot from subversion which is stable enough to use .
in 1482, the order sent him to florence , which would become his destiny .
during the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey proved this in the miller-urey experiment of 1953 .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power  chp  is the process of generating both electricity and useful heat from a heat engine or a power station .
occasionally , the male " den master " will let a second male into the den , though the reason for this is unknown .
wikipedia gadgets are small pieces of code that can be enabled in the wikipedia preferences page .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt twice , from 1945 to 1946 and from 1946 to 1948 .
explanations vary , but she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he worked as an organist there until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to be given his award and thought of not accepting it .
later , esperanto speakers started to appreciate the language and culture that had grown around it , even if it was never accepted by the united nations or any other international organizations .
dry air around the southern side of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the united states .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the companion and later wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a unique number .
users can connect to an irc server without registering an account , but they must have a nickname first .
in that same year , he earned the title of the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe , happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals can change color quickly in reaction to their environment , due to chromatophores in their skin , such as the cephalopod family , or seasonally , like the ermine and snowshoe hare .
val venis won the match against rikishi and kept the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale , making his family a musical one.
mennonites are found in 51 countries on six continents and have large populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states .
naas is a major town near dublin , with many people living there and commuting to work in the city .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck , shoulders and spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills usually start in the house of lords .
in the years before his release in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital while vlad was making plans for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add a passage of up to five words on the front cover and a passage of up to 25 words on the back cover of the modified version .
he was buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the fact that blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light , the same phenomenon that creates blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune located in the vaucluse department of southern france , within the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber starts looking for items to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is soon distracted by his personal life and runs out of time .
yvonne loriod finished orchestrating the final movement of messiaen 's work with advice from george benjamin .
karbala is a highly respected city among shi ' a muslims , ranking after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , who were thaksin's proxies .
however , travelling to very remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle .
while at kahn , he was appointed as the chief architect of the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes for leaving early as he has to go to rehearsal and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop was a music genre that began in the early 1990s and was inspired by the guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s in the U.K. .
these battalions were formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains .
it is the largest stadium in europe , with a capacity of 98,772 , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was awarded the title of "righteous among the nations" by the state of israel .
some articles are long and full of information while others are shorter and of lower quality .
there are currently 95 accepted species .
eugowra got its name from an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often used in english to refer to underwear and moving pictures respectively .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government .
he created several pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
aracaju  pop. is the capital of the state .
farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
vorkapich taught a style called kinesthetic film principles and used it to create gumbasia.
brandon  waise lee  was mk sun's idol and he grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a small town near cowra in new south wales , australia , in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were all searching for gold in the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators were invented , the slide rule was the most popular tool used in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is only 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  thick .
yoghurt is made by fermenting milk with bacteria .
more defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame than any other current position , with seventy-five in total , while only thirty-five goaltenders have been inducted .
throughout the centuries , many different views of this subject have been suggested , but all were denied by mainstream christian groups .
many record stores nationwide banned the album .
the legs are wide at the top and taper down at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations as he was discussing his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
as of 2005 , the company had opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and by 2002 its system-wide sales in canada had surpassed mcdonald's.
in albany , georgia , captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen : " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist who was allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky had the idea to write a ballet .
the government suppressed protests all over the country .
offenbach 's operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were very popular in the 1850s and 1860s in both france and the english-speaking world.
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been discovered near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french musician , composer , and pedagogue between 1921 and 1968.
it was said that it was hard to control the instrument .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that the composition of the object is mainly iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine which focuses on the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
in 1988 , he was awarded the honour of being a companion of honour  ch .
loèche is home to the onyx system , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder containing matches , with a coarse surface on the outside for striking .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose smoking cigarettes around children and drug use during pregnancy .
she defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and challenged the judges to give her the death sentence .
there is a three-volume manga series, named graystripe's trilogy, which covers graystripe's story from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
many syrian immigrants in the us were not clustered in urban enclaves; instead, many of them used to work as peddlers and interacted with americans regularly .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
as a child , her collapsed lungs happened twice , she had pneumonia often , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  claims that the need for nest boxes shows that logging is not sustainable for preserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec .
small inductors can be produced on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors .
gribble was originally used to refer to the wood-boring species limnoria lignorum , which was first described from norway by rathke in 1799 .
wounds from a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
until 1596 , the county 's administration was held in duns or lauder, but greenlaw then became the county town .
so far , no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations near the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , they must still follow certain rules .
the animal is said to have a pointed face and is the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do compared to the resources it uses .
the volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world .
crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin can come in a range of colors , from very dark brown to very pale pink .
yunus received a grant from the ford foundation to officially incorporate the bank with help from bankers from shorebank in chicago .
bremer stated that saddam will be put on trial , but did not reveal any details regarding the process .
at the conclusion of the regular season , members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team .
afghanistan is surrounded by tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , iran , pakistan and the people 's republic of china .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design of serpent contains key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on the 19th of february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and he plays rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are other settlements near by .
in 1964 , murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model independently .
a fourth golden garland-decorated ring was added when the column was moved to its present location in 1938-39.
from 1948 to 1990 , west berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli from c . 1482 .
sydney is the capital and largest city of new south wales .
epoxy is the most common polymer used for laminates , but polyester , vinyl ester or nylon may also be used .
the name 'Maxim' still exists today as a brand for a related digital television channel , radio station , and website , despite the ending of the printed magazine .
when he was four-and-a-half years old , he was left alone on the streets of northern italy for four years and lived in multiple orphanages and traveled with other homeless children .
in the 1980s and 1990s , stands were built behind each set of goals as the ground was modernised .
even if it doesn't hold a market , a town may still be called a market town if it has the right to do so .
a defensive structure was built on the eastern side of the city later .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway after losing to his pagan vassals .
some people think that tresca was killed by the nkvd in retaliation for criticizing stalin's rule in the soviet union .
montenegro and serbia both became independent countries as a result .
only use html and css markup when absolutely necessary .
schuschnigg denied that there were any riots taking place .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in croydon , england .
sometimes, a constituent is a citizen living in the area governed by a politician, especially if they voted for them.
prunk is affiliated with the institute of european history in mainz and the center for european integration studies in bonn .
in 2003 , stallone made a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while travelling on templin highway north of santa clarita .
phelps et al published the papers from the conference the next year in a book entitled "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory".
wario land is a platforming series which began with the spin-off game wario land : super mario land 3 , part of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin composed a berceuse for solo piano , known as opus 57 .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian noted that quinine allowed colonists to settle in the gold coast , nigeria , and other parts of west africa .
spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she worked for breitkopf und härtel as the authoritative editor of her husband 's works.
mercury looks very much like the moon , with lots of craters and smooth plains , and it has no natural satellites or atmosphere .
the town of lies in the limmat valley between the cities of baden and zürich .
these areas are great habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office as long as they have support from the lower house .
rowling believes this scene is important because it displays harry 's bravery , and also his selflessness and compassion by retrieving cedric 's corpse .
on june 1 , 1972 , raf members jan-carl raspe , holger meins , and he were arrested after a gunfight in frankfurt .
they formed a collective called new music manchester that was dedicated to modern music .
hurricane donna caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  is located at the site, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the fallen dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to successfully land the triple axel jump in a national competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
these pdfs cannot be shared without changes if they contain pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being involved in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
on october 5 , a heavy rain caused flooding in some parts of britain .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb , and the user can choose to save their configuration and data on it .
the seats were distributed in approximate relation to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , with 2 members for the free democratic party  fdp  , 2 members for the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  , 2 members for the social democratic party  sp  , and 1 member for the swiss people 's party  svp  .
a fee is the payment for services , like the honorarium paid to doctors , lawyers , consultants , and other professionals .
ohio state has a library system with twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the norwegian rule , but scotland was able to repel a norse invasion and negotiate a beneficial peace treaty .
" by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " were all singles from the album .
minix was made free / open source software in april 2000 , but other operating systems had already surpassed it in capabilities and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color of this animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and sometimes has dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as seen in its thistle logo , the flower symbol of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of the war .
intertitles can help historians understand what the film may have been like and provide audiences with similar information .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used to obtain capital for industrial and commercial expansion .
he tried to escape sydney cove multiple times before he was eventually shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan demanded that the police camp surrender .
the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance of the second game was not up to veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting equality now , joss whedon confirmed that a new " fray " project is coming back .
mutants are fictional characters that appear in marvel comic books .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , which were penitential songs sung by flagellants .
some reports suggest that certain factors can increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years of transportation to australia .
charles was searching for love when he first met sebastian , and he found a low door in the wall that led to an enchanted garden - a metaphor which is present throughout the work.
her close friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin had a big influence on her life .
the term "dorsal" is used for structures that are located on the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the word "protein" after mulder noticed that all proteins share the same empirical formula and could be made of a single type of  large  molecule.
the gang hid for 16 months after the jerilderie raid to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department of france's basse-normandie region .
the color of this object can be either orange or pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension of the line was added , curving north from union station to near bloor street and st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways ' central australian line ran along the western edge of the simpson desert .
the town is situated on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia , sudden cardiac death , or both .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region , it stretched from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google released the comic early on google books and their site and also mentioned it on their blog with an explanation .
the college requires official proofs before they can alter any pedigree that is registered with them and they audit these records carefully .
political economy was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms .
in 1990, he went on tour with the ipo in the soviet union and in 1994 he went on tour with them again in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the austrian side .
for many years , kano has been a hub for business and trade in northern nigeria , especially for groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
the wwf cavalry then attacked kane and jericho after a short stand-off .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century slavic people began to arrive in the area .
between 1900 and 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, such as those for the dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city located in scott county , illinois .
'arzashkun' is an assyrian name that is derived from an armenian name ending in -ka, which is based on the name 'arzash'. This name is similar to the name 'arsene' or 'arsissa' that the ancients used to refer to part of lake van.
she was one of the 15 chosen from the 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be created and used in less strict settings .
gimnasia hired two of colombia's most renowned trainers , francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but neither achieved great success .
brighton is located in washington county , iowa , in the united states .
she was also featured in the music videos of " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde was granted town charter on june 24 1979 , exactly 750 years after the village's founding .
pauline reappeared in the 1994 remake of donkey kong for the game boy and later in 2006 in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis , where she is referred to as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina has an amazing ability to stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth .
the exact date of his birth is unknown , but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to reduce a biological process  or component of a process , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
the bernese alps are located in multiple cantons , not just bern , including valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
while there , edward fathered a daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey praised bawden as one of his favorite artists , but lamented that not many people remembered the artist .
the string can vibrate differently , like a guitar string producing different notes , and each vibration creates a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
in 1935 , gable was nominated for an academy award for his performance as fletcher christian in mutiny on the bounty .
