one side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which is required of able-bodied Muslims.
the great dark spot on Neptune is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is based on an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
the people of island are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and they have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 in italy .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller holes .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
Although the BZö differs a bit from the Freedom Party, it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as European settlement increased .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder that is in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive .
today the nrc is an independent private foundation .
Stralsund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea , and it surrounds the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated magazine
fives is a British sport that is believed to have originated from the same sources as many racquet sports .
on King Bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand , everything will be decorated in the color yellow .
both the names ceased to function in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
although , Tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern New Ireland , carvings from the west coast of Canada , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
in 1988 she performed for president reagan at the white house series which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn won the wwf european championship 8:10 by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered by the Voyager 2 probe in late July of 1989 .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
In Ophelia , an elongated object is seen pointing towards Uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns along the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architecture , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates , and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
It's not technically a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the Stormy Waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
minor planet designations are number-name combinations under the jurisdiction of the minor planet center .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry in the database has a datum - a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like previous assessment reports , the four reports in this package are from the working groups within it .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis .
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this area is east of the mouth of the Vistula River and is sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
after graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory before becoming the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
the story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and Luke, specifically.
Weelkes later found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior.
so far the " celebrity " episodes have included Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simon Gregson , Sue Cleaver , Carol Thatcher , Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on 5 march 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the new album was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband, 183 club.
The Apostolic Tradition attests the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain during early Christian Agape Feasts.
Rollo swore allegiance to Charles in return for protection, and converted to Christianity so that he could help defend the north of France against other Viking groups.
voa  is a special english service that is based on the voice of america .
Disney received a full-size Oscar statue and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is still the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion because 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the focus of numerous reports on ethical issues in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal will be more docile or will put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities and are very rare , while seventh sons of seventh sons are even more rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software shows that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and used 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences .
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous which helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong zoning controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary street , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a place to start if you want to explore Cooktown , the Cape York Peninsula , and the Atherton Tablelands .
bruises can cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for the information you find on these pages .
George Frederic Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their vision is poor .
chitin is only rivaled as a biological material in toughness by chitin .
oregano is an important ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on an oyster card .
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method is made up of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research sources and then write history .
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read , but not being interested in it .
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
after eating, the fish will swim away and then sink back to the river bed to digest.
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today, landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son, and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining hurricane status , the outer convection became ragged .
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that there was something spooky going on at the estate , they decided to write a book about their adventures and titles it an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in London , and devoted himself chiefly to teaching practical matters .
brunstad has a fast food restaurant , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly acquired territory .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
on the 20th the depression moved inland and lost its convection which led to heavy rains and flooding in Brazil the next day .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil on guitar, and Dave on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote social activism .
the characters are the foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
Johan was also the original bassist for the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998 culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart Trophy by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disregards a law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration and his separation from them.
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April of 1999 .
prior to the arrival of Hurricane Matthew, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
speed chess is a form of chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes to complete the game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
both former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is often unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled from the atlantic to haiti , and formed a tropical depression on september 13th .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the sculpture also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim .
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane , unlike the clouds on Earth , which are made of crystals of ice .
until they reach legal adulthood, their participation is limited .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral, 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan, 1783-1807.
he died on May 29th , 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito de Alcantara.
the results of the miller-urey experiment were demonstrated by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
occasionally, a male den master may also allow another male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get started .
he served as the prime minister of egypt twice between 1945 and 1946 and again between 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in at least 1615 and he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it .
later, speakers of Esperanto began to see the language and the culture that had developed around it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12th.
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , born eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912  died 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register accounts but users must set nicknames before connecting .
that same year he also received a mechanic's certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , which is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have color vision , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally ermine snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together using universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at Yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in Canada , the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) , and the United States , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb town with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis armour consisted of oval plates with spikes sticking out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia newberry and laurens railroad .
bills that start in the house of lords are conversely bills proposed by the law commission .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
You are allowed to add a text of up to five words as a cover text and a text of up to 25 words as a back cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the group called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej , and somchai wongsawat , accusing them of being proxies for thaksin .
Traveling through very remote areas can be challenging, requiring advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
while at Kahn he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and Dr. Schön leaves too .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
these battalions were merged into the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it is the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December of 1967, ten Boom was honored by the state of Israel.
some articles are longer while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
95 species are currently accepted as being members of the genus .
eugowra is said to be named after the aboriginal australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
terms such as "underwear" and "movie" are often heard words in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the power of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of their native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha : the death of Minnehaha , Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade .
Gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became Thomas Icely's idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from California , Europe , and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of pocket calculators , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .
yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five players have been inducted into the hall of fame for their defence, more than any other position currently in the NHL .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004, suleman cut howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and other plot captains are firefighters in Albany, Georgia and strictly adhere to the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "Never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil that is still in existence .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia .
in 1913, stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet, orchestration for which he was primarily responsible .
protests in different parts of the country were suppressed .
Offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty that have this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and in modern-day Xi'an.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  was born on February 13 , 1921 and died on November 11 , 1968 .
Most accounts say the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
st. mary the greater  is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations indicate that the composition of the object is fairly pure iron-nickel .
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche is home to the interception systems for electronic intelligence gathering operated by onyx
a matchbook is a small booklet with matches in it and a rough surface on the outside
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use during pregnancy.
definitely , she vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
Samovar & Porter (1994) found that Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she was hospitalized for collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year. She also had a ruptured appendix and tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
Limnoria lignorum, the wood-boring species, was originally called gribble.
club wounds are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county's administration was conducted at Duns until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbor .
even if someone goes into a mosque without intending to pray , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as a small pointy object and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work the computer system can do in comparison to how much time and resources it takes.
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region .
human skin has a wide range of colors , from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that he plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial have not yet been determined .
the all-star team is voted on by representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and China to the east .
nupedia was founded on 9 March 2000 by bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
the notable features of the design include a key-dependent S-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on Feb. 19, 1987 in the town of Jwaneng in Botswana. He plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal system , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
The painting "Primavera" by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli was created in 1482.
Sydney is the capital of New South Wales .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers can also be used .
the name of the magazine has been preserved as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added to the side of the goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town that is no longer a market town may still be correctly described as having market rights, provided the right to hold a market still exists.
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
The Battle of Stiklestad was fought on July 29, 1030, between Olav Haraldsson and his pagan vassals. Haraldsson was killed in the battle, which led to the fall of his kingdom.
other scholars have suggested that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD in retribution for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if it is necessary .
schuschnigg quickly responded that there were no reports of riots , which was false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon in England .
depending on the context , constituent also has another closely-related meaning of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of filming the scene on the ground, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot it while riding in a "hovercraft" on the templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps et al.
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
it is possible that these attacks were psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that quinine's effectiveness gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests that the surface is composed of rocks .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel after he died .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon ; it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these areas are good for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty ended in Dhaka in the mid- 1600s, the city was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
the prime minister stays in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
this scene is important because it shows Harry 's bravery by retrieving Cedric 's corpse, and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and three other raf members were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed Manchester's first contemporary music group .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's tomb-shrine , which also houses facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
in 2005 meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is an city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been recorded in the area.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea , about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
Therefore , these PDFs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in April 1862 Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5th, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so that the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
In approximate relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party (fdp): 2 members, christian democratic people's party (cvp): 2 members, social democratic party (sp): 2 members, and swiss people's party (svp): 1 member.
a fee is the money one pays for services , especially the payment a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional receives for their work .
Ohio State 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus .
in other developments , both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but it was no longer as powerful as other operating systems by this time, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
The body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes, there are dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was created primarily by Scots , as is evident by its thistle logo .
on September 22, a warning was issued for a storm that was expected to make landfall on September 23. This warning was later extended southwards and then canceled soon after landfall.
in 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat.
intertitles are used to provide audiences with information about the film later, helping historians imagine what the film may have been like.
that is because the real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fringe" is not done, and is coming back.
a mutant is a type of character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are likely to occur if certain factors are present .
his sentence was for transportation to Australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " an open door in the wall ... which led to an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic, grigori rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on the side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term "protein" after he noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the Jerilderie robbery , the gang stayed low for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was built , curving north from union station below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson Desert on the western side .
it is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to the town of Unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google subsequently made the comic available on their Books site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully reviewed and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , Political Economy , was published in 1985 but it was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in Moscow and Leningrad, and in China and India in 1994
The Austrians, led by General Mack, surrendered at Ulm on 18 October 1806, with 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the losers.
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages – Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora received multiple awards and honors from the band .
after a brief standoff , the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman .
in the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is located in scott county in illinois , United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of the 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen to appear on the tv show among the 15 candidates .
the series aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the later device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
Gimnasia hired the first famed Colombian trainer, Francisco Maturana, but then Julio César Falcioni had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on 24 June 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Denmark, Glinde received its town charter.
In 1994, pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong, and in 2006, she appeared in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend."
the vagina stretches many times its normal diameter to allow birth through it .
it is believed that his date of birth is between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by 50%.
although the name suggests that the Bernese Alps are in the Canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in adjacent Cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
in 1851 thomas icely had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e  power .
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935 's Mutiny on the Bounty .
