One side of the armed conflicts in the Darfur region is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia is the country's most important gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, and able-bodied Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot (or "hole" in the methane cloud deck of Neptune) is thought to represent a location where methane gas is escaping from the planet.
His next work is Saturday, following an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the Trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawled away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
There he died six weeks later on January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal has been given the colin mears award, which is worth £ 5000, since 2000.
Dancers often follow the drummers as they performed their dances.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements- the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942, in Italy.
It was originally thought that the pieces of debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
However, the bzö differs from the freedom party in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan, or XM, is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is competitive.
Today, National Remote Control Foundation is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Five is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
both organizations were dissolved in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Despite emulation of numerous styles, tagore abhorred craftsmanship from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn and Terri Deville defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna in a WWE European Championship match at 8:10 p.m. on October 25, 2004. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbowdrop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
The despina discovery was made in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 Probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on September 4, 1921, at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the Voyager 2, Ophelia appears as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the Southeast corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border almost to Cairns, do not follow official Western Australian Time.
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell, or other objects, have been used to create mosaics and inlays.
The other incorporated cities on the Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
clank and ratchet go looking for captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.

He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also seeks to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone halfway around the world they've never met in person.
A working group is created to assess scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms a part of the British Isles, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the little Minch, and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center, a branch of the International Astronomical Union.
On September 30, 2016, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum, a nugget of data, which is a copy of the datum in some back-up store.
As a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on October 10, 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessments, it includes four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia and Giardia duodenalis are synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and Giardia malayi is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, cameron has often worked inChristian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck" williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River.
After he graduated from college, he returned to Armenia and taught at a local conservatory. He later became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke, specifically.
Weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Grayson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Leeryan.
The discovery of it was made by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 spacecraft on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another music group.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is a derivation from the voice of America, VoA, and Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statue and seven small ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a human.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the bohemian Swiss republic in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
The incident has been the subject of many reports on scholarship Ethics.
They are castrated so that the animal may be less dangerous or may put on more weight quickly.
Seventh sons have magical abilities and are very rare.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a small town in central Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
In 2006, a tram derailed on a stretch of public roadway near Starr Gate Loop.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variability.
Volunteers provided a wide range of services, including food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown, cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland are all starting points for people looking to explore the area.
Bruises can often cause pain, but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as church musician for George, elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are their rival as biological materials in toughness only, by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on an oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method involves using primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
The high oxygen concentration is thought to be a result of the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a medication.
It will then try to eat and digest its food, before sinking back to the river bed to die.
Further research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, cares about, and / or has a relationship with.
Today,Landis' father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after becoming category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane began to become ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were hauntable, they decided to publish their findings in a book and an adventure, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and devoted himself largely to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of troops to garrison a newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band includes Flynn, guitar, duce, bass, Phil Demmel, guitar, and Dave McCallion drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote social inclusion.
The characters are foul-mouthed and extensions of their earlier characters.
Johan was the original bassist for the Swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for the Iowa Secretary of State office and was successful.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defied that law, and inadvertently initiated a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds near the Outer Banks before the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a maximum of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with crimes for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage was seen along the coastline and in inland regions of Virginia.
because the owner usually doesn't care, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the ocean, and was organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated each year.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the coat of arms of the former Oberbarnim district resemble the upper half of the coat of arms of the current district.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach the age of majority .
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order was sent to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - Alexei Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was Demonstrated in the Miller-UREY Experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harald C. Urey in 1953.
coal-fired power plants use coal to produce electricity and heat.
On occasion, the male " den master " may allow a second male into the den; the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
These useful links will help youparticipate in the discussion.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
There are different explanations for why she was left behind when the rest of theNicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers saw the language and culture that had developed around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto never becomes adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
calvin baker is an author.
Eva Anna Braun, died Eva Anna Hitler, 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license version has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, depending on the season.
val venis won a steel cage match to retain the wwe intercontinental championship at 14:10 by defeating Rikishi in a match that took place in a steel cage.
This closely resembles Unix philosophy, which stresses having multiple programs that work together and communicating over universal interfaces.
He was born into a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
The armour of acanthopholis consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin is a term used to describe the first organization chartered in the United States.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad the Impaler lived in Hungary from 1474 until his death in 1476.
The modified version of the list has a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
Mcilroy starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Maurice Messiaen died and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad requested the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
While at Kahn, he was chief architect for the Fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schein leave.
britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the battalions being formed for thexi international brigade.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December, 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles may be quite lengthy and rich in information, while others may be shorter and less well-written.
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand ishes down the hill ".
Terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often used to refer to different things in english.
Jurisdiction comes from the law of nations and international law, conflicts of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this up with other pieces about Hiawatha: the death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's departure.
The capital of Brazil is Brasília.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly 10 years.
Gumbasia was created in a style that was called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, became his idol, and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an Australian township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the widespread use of calculators, scientists and engineers commonly used a pocket calculator to perform calculation tasks.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a food that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
There are seventy-five defencemen in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on a topic have been proposed throughout history, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrowed at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Plot Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and he firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is considered a historical relic.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration Stravinsky was first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operettas were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
One of the most common roof tiles is dating back to the Tang Dynasty, with this symbol found west of the ancient city of Changan.
February 13th, 1921, November 11th, 1968, was Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux's birthday.
By most accounts, the instrument was a difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is one of the most famous churches in Assisi.
The presence of a pure iron-nickel composition could be inferred from the radar observations.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly magazine that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was given the honour of being a companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the installation of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior.
She was among the first doctors to object to smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never leave the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
In 1994, Samovar and Porter published an article about Syrian immigrants living in American cities.
He was also known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood, she had a collapsed lung, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer, Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gibberish was originally used to describe the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds inflicted by a club can be called blunt-force trauma injuries.
County administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has ever attempted a quadruple axel in competition.
from the portJackson district commandant's office, the portJackson district could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
however, even to those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.

Computer performance is usually characterized by how much useful work a computer system is able to accomplish compared to how much time and resources it takes.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found in the Volga River.
The cross symbolises the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote to select an all-star team at the end of the regular season.
The three countries border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, and Pakistan to the south.
nupedia was born on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc.
Some notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gelman and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
ThePrimavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales.
The polymer is usually a type of adhesive.
The name of the related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website survived the death of the magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be accurately described as a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
events on July 29 in the country of Norway saw the death of King Olav Haraldsson, as his pagan vassals fought against him in a battle.
Others have theorized that the elimination of tresca was retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This caused both Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css sparingly and with good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately responded to reports of riots being false with public declarations that they were not true.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another related meaning of constituent is someone who resides in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow at the center for European integration studies inBonn.
Stallion also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead of making a trailer, the crew built a cantilevered arm attached to a "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding on Santa Clarita Highway.
The conference papers were published in a book in the next year.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
The work, Opus 57, is a lullaby for the solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
A historian has written that it was quinine's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa.
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition.
She became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. It is heavily cratered, has regions of smooth plains, and no natural satellites. Mercury has no atmosphere, so it is very difficult to see.
The town is in the district of Baden-Württemberg, in the south-central German region of Bavaria.
These are ideal habitats for these animals.
After the death of the previous dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office only as long as they maintain the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed a new music group in Manchester, England, committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper Florida Keys.
It is now the site of Mahatma Gandhi's samadhi and other facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored in all its glory.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
because these pdfs contain images, they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain them.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of the UK on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
The usb installer provides a way to create a live usb, where the user's personal data can be saved if desired.
In relation to the parties' strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free Democratic Party (2 members), Christian Democratic People's Party (2 members), Social Democratic Party (2 members), and Swiss People's Party (1 member).
A fee is the price one pays for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
The Ohio State Library system has 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary depending on the color of the person, and can sometimes be marked with dark brown spots.
The Britannica was originally a Scottish publication, symbolized by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, before it was canceled soon after landfall.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The former can help audiences imagine what the film may have been like and can help historians.
Because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion, that is why.
He fled from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
Before the first game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to the usual promotional standard.
In a promotional video for the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "feirce is not done," and that "feirce is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test and the ACT Assessment Test are standardized tests for college admissions in the United States.
civil unrest in northern Italy spawn the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been "in search of love in those days" when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden."
her famous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures that are either located on or grow off the side of an animal.
The term " protein " was coined by Friedrich Wilhelm Berzelius, after Dutch scientist Hendrik Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang hid for 16 months.
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
The color range for a color can be from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added to the roadway, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
A stretch of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert before 1980.
The portage trail is located on an old route that led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of heart attack or sudden death.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made a comic available on Google Books and their site, and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register with a college where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book was published in 1985, but it was not widely adopted in classrooms.
He toured with the IMF in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with the IMF again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of three wars fought by the Kingdom of France and the Kingdom of Austria against each other.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for many years, and it is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages—kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu, and tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors.
After a short shootout, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by two people who were very rich and very famous.
The Slavs started moving into the area in the 5th century.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka.
Out of the 16,421 participants who took part in the national casting process, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be used in more stringent environments.
Gymnastics hired the famed Colombian Trainer Francisco Maturana, but both he and Julio Caesar Falconi had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl" by john oates and " just lose it" by eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
In 1994, Pauline returned as the game boy remake of donkey Kong in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, and later as Mario's friend in Mario vs. Donkey Kong, an event that is now described as "Mario's main event."
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during childbirth.
It is believed that his real date of birth was never documented, but it is believed to have been a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given process or component of a process by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
There she had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher, to Anne Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different ways just as a guitar string can produce different notes and every way appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also won an academy award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
