One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan are composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which is required of able-bodied Muslims.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 8, 888.
They are similar to the people living on the coast of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942, and is an Italian former football player.
It was originally believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century with European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, the NRC is an independent, private foundation
The city of Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, and it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by Sports Illustrated.
fives is a sport that is believed to have originated from the same origins as many other racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, on his birthday, decorations will be in the color yellow.
Both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Notwithstanding, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988, in one of his many appearances at the White House Series.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the World Wrestling Federation European Championship at 8:10.
She remained in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on September 4th, 1921 at Brescia.
He also published two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia is an elongated object in the Voyager 2 images of Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, don't follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays on walls, furniture and boxes in architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark in an effort to stop Dek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates for using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream field.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
Working group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the Stormy Waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30th, and a weakening trend began soon afterwards.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, many mosques will not enforce violations, but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Marea of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10th, 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia is a parasite that causes giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area east of the mouth of the Vistula River was later sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After he graduated from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and gospel of Luke.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior.
So far, the "celebrity" episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance was announced on the band's website on June 16, 2009.
He is also a member of another boyband, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallelujahs with Alleluias as the refrain in early Christian Agape Feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from the voice of America, VoA, and special English.
Disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
It is the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to the ethics of scholarship.
Castration is a process that reduces the size of an animal's testicles.
Seventh sons have specific magical abilities and are extraordinarily rare.
Benchmarking conducted by passmark software found the 2009 version of the software to have a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The variance is the difference between the two largest numbers in a set.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loir in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road. Eventually, the bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland are all starting points for exploring.
Bruises can cause pain, but they're not always dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an important ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
These works were produced and published by him himself, whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is the process of using primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the ability to read but not be interested in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
The fish will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, landis ' father has become a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage paid to employees.
The convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a group of troops to garrison the newly acquired region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that operated from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn, vocals, guitar, duce, bass, phil demmel, guitar, and dave mcclain, drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist for the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote, Messier won the Hart by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law, and initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
A daughter is the female equivalent of a son.
The person was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April of 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds in the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is a form of chess that is played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents, later separately charged with mutiny and treason, were for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage was severe up the Atlantic Coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
Four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John, which were probably written between AD 65-100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the poster also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
Until they reach legal adulthood, their participation is limited.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment was conducted in 1953 to demonstrate this.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes a male " den master " will also let a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a piece of code that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences.
These links will help you get started.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again in 1946 and 1948.
Nicole was left behind and explanations for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection was eroded by dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American author.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on February 6, 1912 and April 30, 1945, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a unique version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald and with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments. The cephalopod family has chromatophores in their integument, which makes them more rapid in changing color.
Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship at 14:10. Venis was pinned after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
The philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together is similar to Unix.
He came from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
A large number of Menonite people live in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Menonite people can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major town in Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates that were almost horizontally set into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The origin of irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital in the years before his final release in 1474.
You are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the inside of bones.
Reflection Nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France. It is located in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
Macgruber starts looking for simple objects to disarm the bomb, but he is later distracted by something personal that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Travelling through very remote areas often requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the Chief Architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was merged into battalions being formed for the Xi'an International Brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are longer and more in-depth than others.
There are currently about 95 species accepted by scientists.
The place where the sand washes down the hill is eugowra.
Terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of a society's native population.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju and it has a population of .
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Kinesthetic film principles were used to create gumbasia.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Pre-calculator era: The most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering was the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position.
Alternative views have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did with their IPO by March 2005, and System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron and other firemen in Albany, Georgia follow the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil because it has not changed much over the years.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
The orchestration of the ballet was first conceived by Stravinsky in 1913.
Protests occurred all over the nation, but were suppressed by the government.
Operettas by German composer Franz von Offenbach were very popular in France and in the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (now Xi'an) and in modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was reportedly difficult to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
The composition of the metal appears to be fairly pure.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the interception installations of onyx, a Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system.
A matchbook is a small folder that contains a number of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume manga series, Graystripe's Trilogy, that follows Graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and the time he returned to Thunderclan in the Sight.
Many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer, an Australian national university professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Inductors can also be built on integrated circuits, using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The gribble is a type of wood-boring beetle that was originally assigned a road number.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are inflicted by a club.
Duns was the county town from 1596 until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as a pointed object that is about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done in comparison to how much time and resources were used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga.
The crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can have a wide range of colors.
Bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9th, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by two physicists, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig, in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal service, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, "The Primavera," was created by the Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymers are often used in place of epoxy.
The name "Survivor" has been used for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
The bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Events in Europe on July 29 - the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway, where Olav Haraldsson was killed by his pagan vassals.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only when it is necessary.
Schuschnigg immediately responded to reports of riots by stating that they were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
There are theories that these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
A historian has stated that " it was the efficacy of quinine that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate a rocky surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon- it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These habitats are ideally suited for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister can remain in office only as long as they have the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery, and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow Raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys region, with a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
The tomb of Meher Baba is now located at the site of his samadhi shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine different types of pipefish and nine different types of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeastern Caribbean Sea and is located about 186 miles east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
Version 2009.1 of the USB installer provides a way for users to create a live USB disk with their configuration and personal data saved if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services.
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "by the way" , "the zephyr song" , "can't stop" , "dosed" and "universally speaking"
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of a deer can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and occasionally is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, before being canceled soon after landfall.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles were a later addition to the film and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral, they are often not able to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray" is not done, and that "Fray" is coming back.
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Various reports suggest that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present.
He was transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles found love in those days when he first met Sebastian and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden" which informed the work on a number of levels.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on the side of an animal.
Protein was first coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang lay low for 16 months avoiding capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
Colors can range from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson Desert.
The portage trail is located in the old part of the city, which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
Cardiomyopathy is a condition that often leads to arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest subregion in the Americas, and it includes a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google subsequently made the comic available on their website and mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, "political economy," was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
The tour with the IPO took place in the Spring of 1990 and 1994.
The Napoleonic Wars were fought between 1803 and 1815. The Austrian General Mack surrendered at Ulm in 1806, and Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicted 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages – Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned the band many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his son robert b. sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Facilities were built on campus from 1900 to 1920, including ones for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
The series aired on the ABC network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired two famous colombian trainers, francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by john oates and "just lose it" by eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Germany, the town charter was granted to the village.
Pauline returned in the gameboy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006.
Vagina is elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
It is believed that his real date of birth was between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibits a given biological process or component by half.
The Brienzer Rothorn are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, but portions of the Brienzer Rothorn are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
Mary Ann Fisher Power had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. Lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes and each mode appears as a different particle.
gable was nominated for an academy award when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935.
