The side of the armed conflicts in which the sudanese military and the janjaweed are primarily involved is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Mecca is Islam's holiest city. Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, will follow an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, and pulled on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on January 888.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally akin to the students.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and often have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft is made up of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola, was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century with european settlement.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan, in its pure form, occurs as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
Today, the National Research Council is an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a sport believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, his birthday will be celebrated with the color yellow.
both the names of the museums became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in two great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
the first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
he also completed two collections of short stories, the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the Voyager 2 images of Ophelia, she appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the south Australian border and Caiguna, don't follow Western Australian Time.
shell pieces have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.
it's not actually a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
The island chain, part of the Hebrides, forms part of the Scottish mainland and the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began by early on September 30.
each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall,is a fantasy novel by brian jacques,published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
it is made of four reports, three of which come from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris,and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie,is a noted biochemist.
The stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
apart from this, Cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating from college, Adam Smith returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
the story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew, namely - and the gospel of Luke, specifically - .
Wellkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
so far, the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another group, Jungiery Boyband 183 Club.
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a translation of the voice of america, voa  special english.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, in Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland continues as the bohemian area in the Czech Republic.
When 220,1,048,576 bytes is referenced, consumers can get confused and think it means 1mb instead of 1mib.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version of the software had a 52 second install time, a 32 second scan time, and a 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, it was not until recently that itch and pain were considered to be independent. However, itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, are outside the ground.
The variance is the square root of the take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, which turns it into an ordinary town road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are quite small, and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
He produced and published these works himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history.
the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
The snake will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
today, Landis's father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining hurricane status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book and adventure under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several restaurants, including a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria-style restaurant, and a coffee bar. It also has its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
on the 20th the depression moved inland and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
There is a higher percentage of advocacy countries with a minority muslim population that use mosques to promote civic participation than there are in muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east.
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier character Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist for the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
in 1990, mark messier, took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes; the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
Speed chess is a form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the part of south america drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries is the amazon basin.
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
extensive damage was done along the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
There are four canonical texts: the gospel of Matthew, the gospel of Mark, the gospel of Luke, and the gospel of John.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the coat of arms also resembles the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
Until they reach legal adulthood, their participation is limited.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral (1783-1807) - were demolished by the Soviets in the years during the Soviet Union.
he died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953.
cogeneration is the simultaneous use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male " den master " will also let a second male into the den ; it's unclear why.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
There are some useful links below to facilitate your involvement.
he served as prime minister of Egypt twice, in 1945 and 1946 and again in 1946 and 1948.
Nicole was left behind with no clear explanations when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615, and he served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award and initially indicated he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, who died Eva Anna Paula Braun on February 6, 1912, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a unique version number.
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In 2006, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald and with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally, like the ermine, or more rapidly, like the cephalopod family, the squid and octopus.
val venis retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship in a steel cage match at 14:10, by defeating Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces is similar to this.
He was from a musical family. His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Menonite Christians are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Menonite Christians can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
In 1890, irmo was chartered to provide transportation for people working on the opening of the Columbia , Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red, which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France . It is located in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially completed when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites, Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
In order to travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, one must have advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle--usually a four-wheel drive.
Kahn was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal; then, he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
these battalions were being formed for the xi international brigade.
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
95 species are currently accepted as being present in the species.
The name eugowra is said to come from the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are often heard in English.
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
the capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich, called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Lee, lawyer, became his idol; MK Sun, grown up to be a lawyer.
Historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in the Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
There are alternative views on the subject, but all have been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
As of 2002, the company had opened twice as many canadian outlets as McDonald's. Additionally, system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen: "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election held on March 2, 2008, with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were put down by the government.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty (618-907) with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (present-day Xian) and modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne-Marie Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore, St. Mary the Greater, the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, and light rail industries worldwide.
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is the home of the interception installations for electronic intelligence gathering known as onyx.
A matchbook is a small, cardboard folder with a cover enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the outside.
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Before 1994, Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Australian National University's David Lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the gribble is originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries inflicted by a club are generally known.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules that apply.
The animal is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system can do in relative terms, compared to how much time and resources it took to do it.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga River.
the crosier, a symbol of the monasteries of the region, signifies the importance of the monasteries to the people of the region.
Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer said plans to put saddam on trial were still in the works, but didn't give any further details about the trial.
the Professional Hockey Writers Association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China all border Tajikistan.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added to the column in 1938 39, when it was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, known as the primavera, is by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, in around 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
he was abandoned by his parents four-and-a-half years old and spent the next four years living in orphanages and on the streets of northern Italy, with other homeless children.
Goals were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s, as the ground began to be modernised.
A town that is no longer holding a market is still correctly described as a market town.
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, 1031, in the Battle of Stiklestad, Olav Haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and was killed.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
this led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly and only if there is a good reason for it.
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context, a constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area governed, represented or otherwise served by a politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
In 2003, Stallone had a cameo appearance in the french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead of shooting the scene on the ground, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot it while riding on the "hovercraft" north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
It's possible the attacks were psychological in origin, rather than physical.
According to a historian, " Quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa"
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition.
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
The town of Zürich is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
the habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister only stays in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
The site now houses meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is located in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States.
49 pipefish and 9 seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery alongside Frank Gardiner.
on October 5, 2006, heavy rain fell across portions of britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , which saves the user's configuration and personal data if desired .
In approximate relation to the parties' respective strengths in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking "
In April 2000, Minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the snake ranges from a medium brown to a gold-ish color to a beige-white color; and sometimes, there are dark brown spots on the limbs.
the britannica was originally a scottish enterprise,as symbolised by its thistle logo,the floral emblem of scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
in August 2003, the San Diego Union-Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles, which later provided audiences with the sort of information provided by subtitles, allowed historians to imagine what the film may have been like.
That's because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting charity equality, writer Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports claim that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
he was sentenced to transportation to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located towards or growing off the side of an animal.
the term "protein" was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france.
The flowers have a range of colors, from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added to the north of union station, curving below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth railways central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
it's located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
Mesoamerica was the largest sub-region in the Americas, and it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
in 1990, he toured with the ipo for their first-ever performance in the soviet union; in 1994, he toured with the ipo again, performing in china and india.
The Napoleonic Wars saw Austrian general Mack surrender his army to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time, and is also known for its production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora received multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus,including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs,a chemistry building,a building for the natural sciences,hill auditorium,large hospital and library complexes,and two residence halls.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois, in the United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show Survivor.
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the less stringent environment can then be designed and used with the latter device.
gimnasia hired both Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Glinde received its town charter.
In 1994, pauline returned in the gameboy remake of donkey kong, and later in 2006, mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis, although the character is now described as "mario's friend".
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
It is believed he was born between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Power.
during an interview, Ed Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination for portraying Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
