one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next book , saturday , follows an exciting day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and pulled it eastward with all his strength.
he died there six weeks later, on 13 january 888.
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum that makes almost no noise  and often have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  was born 8 november 1942  and is an italian former football player .
it was initially believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however, the bzö is different from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was put into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan comes as a white powder in its pure form .
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
now nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated magazine .
fives is a British sport thought to come from the same beginnings as many racquet sports.
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday thailand will be decorated with yellow .
both names disappeared in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
however, tagore copied many styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from british columbia, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on PBS .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship; saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration , to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities incorporated on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark to stop drek .
it is not really a true louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met in person .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations controlled by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
on september 30 , wind shear started to increase greatly and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
therefore , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born 10 july , 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like past assessment reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign, and many were printed.
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  organization advertised as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
besides this , cameron has often been in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduating, he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his heavy drinking and bad behaviour.
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was revealed on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
hippolytus' apostolic tradition mentions the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones, given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it still exists as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion for consumers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are neutered so that the animal can be more docile or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical abilities called "knacks", and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
passmark software's benchmarking reveals the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
recently , it was discovered that itch has some similarities with pain , but also has distinct features .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , sticking to it.
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier trials .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into a regular town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information found in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are tiny , and their vision is poor .
they are only rivaled in toughness as biological materials by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he made and published these works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines that historians use to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to add to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the ability to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a man-made steroid compound used as a medicine .
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or loves .
now , landis ' father is a passionate supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing that the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , with the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , focusing mostly on practical teaching.
brunstad has some fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was taken over by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and from then on its history was connected with the states of the church , and then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection , and broke up the next day over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are vulgar versions of their previous characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , one of which was a first-place vote .
shade starts the main plot of the novel when he breaks that law , causing the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their early migration , and separating him from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with untreatable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the region of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later each charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are figuratively compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is revised yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the top half also looks like the coat of arms of the old district oberbarnim .
unlike earth's clouds , which are made of ice crystals , neptune's cirrus clouds consist of frozen methane crystals .
their involvement is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration, also called combined heat and power (CHP), is when a heat engine or a power station produces both electricity and useful heat at the same time.
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css code that can be activated by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948.
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , and the reasons for this vary.
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially said he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers viewed the language and the culture that had grown up around it as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the south of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a american novelist .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , died on 30 April 1945 . She was the longtime companion and, for a short time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
every version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in different environments , like the ermine and snowshoe hare seasonally , or cephalopods more quickly with chromatophores .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship and pinned him after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at Yale.
the biggest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in small communities in 51 countries around the world .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis's armour had oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , when he started planning for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more effective than red light, which is also the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber tries to construct something to defuse the bomb with simple objects, but he is eventually distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
messiaen had almost finished the piece when he died , and yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , who the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however, traveling through very remote areas on isolated tracks usually requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes because he has to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines now, and shorter trains are operated .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , which makes it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality .
about 95 species are accepted now .
eugowra is believed to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to meet the needs of its native society .
he then wrote several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer too .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002.
prospectors from california , europe and china were also mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator came out , it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text out loud , and a thinner size of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different opinions on the subject have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because of stern 's frequent talks about his future move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and system-wide sales also exceeded mcdonald's canadian operations by 2002.
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is thought of as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer who could perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were put down .
offenbach's many operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue from february 13 , 1921 to november 11 , 1968 .
by most accounts , the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was given the title of companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche contains the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder with matches inside and a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly, she promised to never renounce the commune, and challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
graystripe's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series that follows graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not live in cities ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers could interact with americans every day .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university has argued that the necessity of nest boxes proves that logging practices are not eco-friendly for preserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , such as the first species from norway described by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
afterwards the county 's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is described as having a pointed face and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system does compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are on the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but he said that the details of the trial had not been decided yet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season ends .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan surround afghanistan with iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other close settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was suggested by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is adorned with golden garlands and was added in 1938-1939 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , different from west germany 's , which released its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli from 1482 .
new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , may also be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the end of the printed magazine.
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and wandering around towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually put in behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground started to be modernised .
a town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't hold a market anymore, as long as the right to do so still exists.
a bastion on the eastern side was built later .
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway.
some have speculated that tresca was killed by the nkvd in revenge for his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for a valid reason .
schuschnigg quickly responded publicly that reports of riots were untrue .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
sometimes, a constituent is someone who lives in the area governed by a politician and who voted for them.
prunk is part of institute of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone also had a brief appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were released the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that allowed colonists to go to the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
spectroscopic studies have also shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is covered in craters with areas of flat plains , has no moons and no atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these offer great habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only if they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it displays harry 's courage , and by getting cedric 's body , he shows selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they joined forces to create new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the powerful and intense hurricane caused great damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet impacting the area .
it is now the location of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county, Massachusetts, USA.
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain poured across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user 's settings and personal data can be saved if desired .
based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party (FDP): 2 members, christian democratic people's party (CVP): 2 members, social democratic party (SP): 2 members, and swiss people's party (SVP): 1 member.
a fee is the payment for services, especially the payment to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
ohio state's library system includes twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to defeat a norse invasion and negotiate a beneficial peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by then other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it stayed mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes, it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the flower symbol of scotland .
the area warned on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of combat .
the latter gave viewers the kind of information that intertitles provide today, and it helps historians imagine what the film was like.
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded their surrender .
before the second game started , the press said that the " midget-in-a-cake " show was not up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of character in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test (formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test) is a standardized test for college admissions in the US.
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering groups of flagellants.
some reports state that various factors increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his punishment was to be sent to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love at that time " when he first met sebastian , finding " that small door in the wall ... which opened up to an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor that affects the work in many ways .
her infamous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on or grow from that side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of one large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
the color goes from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen 's park to close to bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
mesoamerica is the biggest sub-region and includes the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic accessible on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with a reason for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , which will be carefully audited internally and official proof is needed before it can be changed.
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm in the napoleonic wars , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has always been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a place for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry reversed and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka made from the proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to describe a part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people in the national casting , she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be created and used in less demanding environments .
gimnasia hired the famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , then julio césar falcioni , but both had little success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she was in several music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village , glinde was granted its town charter .
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand to several times its normal size during childbirth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of an inhibitor is needed to reduce a biological process or component of a process by half.
although the name implies they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
During an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , but not many people remembered or knew about this artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a distinct particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
