one side of the armed conflicts in sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia group, which is mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which all able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , Saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they share similar cultural traits with the coastal peoples of papua new Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is valued at £ 5000 .
the following dancers are the drummers and they often play the sogo , a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and their choreography is often more elaborate - even acrobatic .
the spacecraft includes two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola  born 8 november 1942 is an italian former football player .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö ( right-wing populist party ) differs a bit from the freedom party , as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
by the end of the nineteenth century many species had vanished from european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is in its pure form as a white powder .
to be admitted to tsinghua university is very competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
the city of stralsund is located at the coast of the baltic sea and it is surrounded by the great seal of the united states .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated magazine .
fives is a sport believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday so throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color on his birthday .
both the names ' scotland ' and ' great seal of the united states ' became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
notwithstanding this, tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in 's great performances at the white house series that aired on public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with terri  defeated eddie guerrero with chyna  to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 pm to Saturn's surprise .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly stories .
at the Voyager 2 images of ophelia , she appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he promotes applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported on you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed their second child on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result of these guidelines , although many mosques will not enforce them , both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser  10 july 1988 in bristol , uk is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby .
like previous assessments , it consists of four reports - three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion that was billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis and is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this , he also has often worked in Christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war . In which he plays the part of cameron " buck " williams .
this is the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduating from university he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in the images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the album ' resistance ' was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain took place in early christian agape feasts .
in return for this, rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , agreeing to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is derived from the voice of america voa special english .
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it is still known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal will be more docile or it will put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong " abilities "  specific magical abilities  and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software showed that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install and had a scan time of 32 seconds and used 7mb of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch shares several features with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those in the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong zoning controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary street , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a great starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel served as kapellmeister for george, elector of hanover, who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are only rivaled as biological materials in toughness by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works were produced and published by him himself , whilst the majority of his woodcuts were commissioned work .
the historical method is a set of techniques and guidelines historians use to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
after eating , it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father is a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that will result in a fair exchange .
they were convinced that the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and started to devote himself to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then in 1860 it merged with the united kingdom of italy .
on the 20th of december the depression moved inland and lacked convection, dissipating the next day over brazil where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was in operation from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band consists of flynn on vocals , guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar , and dave mcclain on drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are similar in that they are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier was elected captain over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks the law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage was found up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 . see also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of legal adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to be used .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the "city of his destiny" .
in the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in Madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d ' Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey .
cogeneration is the simultaneous use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow another male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links for your involvement .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind after the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him as a gentleman of the chapel royal in at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later , after esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air was wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone, eroding most of the deep convection by early on September 12th.
calvin baker is an american author .
Eva Anna Paula Braun , died Eva Anna Paula Hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler .
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate which made him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york at the age of 20 .
Summerslam 2009  is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment 
WWE , which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually depicted as being bald , with long whiskers , and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , meaning they change color in different environments, either seasonally like ermine, snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera .
this philosophy closely resembles the unix concept of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he was born from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major town located in " dublin suburb " of naas , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes projecting from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
Conversely , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light  which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune located in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects in order to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this unfinished work was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of acting as proxies for thaksin .
traveling through very remote areas can be done on isolated tracks with advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle--usually a four wheel drive.
while at Kahn he was chief architect of the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves for rehearsal .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it is the largest stadium in europe with a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the eleventh largest in the world .
in December of 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel.
articles can be of different lengths and quality, with some being quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted as valid .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "place where the sand washes down the hill" .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly heard in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught as kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian military on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging in the peel river and on the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt or yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations . Stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio made headlines .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  is a firefighter in albany, georgia and always follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters "never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with over 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in various parts of the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 to november 11 , 1968  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly unplayable .
st. mary the greater  santa maria maggiore  is the earliest extant church in assisi .
characteristics of radar observations suggest that the composition is fairly pure iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche is home to the installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small booklet that includes matches and has a rough striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children , and was also one of the first to do so around pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe 's trilogy has a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and the time he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs and pneumonia multiple times, she had a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has stated that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are an ice hockey team based in montreal , Quebec , Canada .
inductors with small value can also be manufactured using the same processes that are used to make transistors on integrated circuits .
the term ' gribble ' was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as having a pointy face and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work is accomplished by the computer system in comparison to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that they were going to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives from the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan and afghanistan border each other to the north , iran is to the west , pakistan is to the south and the people 's republic of china is to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc .
the notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the painting titled primavera is by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli, circa 1482.
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name ' ziff-Davis ' lives on as a brand for related digital television channels , digital radio stations , and websites which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
Events in Europe on July 29 — the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway — saw olav haraldsson lose to his pagan vassals and be killed in the battle .
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for his criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css only when it's necessary and with good reason .
schuschnigg responded publicly that the reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb in the london borough of croydon in england .
depending on the context , constituent can have another closely-related meaning of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; this is often restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz, and senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of shooting the scene while riding on the " hovercraft " , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a short piece for solo piano .
it is possible that these attacks were psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has claimed that " quinine 's efficacy allowed colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , the spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon in appearance : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites or substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats provide excellent shelter for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
for Rowling , this scene is important because it shows Harry 's bravery , and by retrieving Cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1st , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a band that is committed to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affecting the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb- shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is located in essex county , Massachusetts , in the United States .
forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
because of this, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further modification if they contain images .
in April 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding of waters .
version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
in relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , usually the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
Ohio State 's library system has 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus .
other developments included both iceland and greenland accepting the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license ; however, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown to gold-ish or beige-white ; and occasionally , it is marked with dark brown spots especially on the limbs .
the britannica was created by scottish people , as symbolized by the thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provides audiences with the information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot and killed in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the united states .
in northern italy , civil unrest spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present.
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels .
her infamous friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on or growing off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang took 16 months to evade capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was built , curving north from union station below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape that stretched from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website . They also mentioned it on their official blog .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully scrutinized and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but did not gain widespread adoption in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union and toured with the ipo again in 1994 for their second performance in china and india .
the Napoleonic Wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , and napoleon conquers over 30,000 prisoners and inflicts 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to inhabit the area .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city located in scott county in illinois, United States.
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka , formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van .
out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen to appear on the tv show .
it aired its episodes on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the later device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni but both had limited success .
brighton is an incorporated city in washington county in the state of iowa in the united states .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village of glinde , germany received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is very elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth was between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibits a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also received an academy award nomination for his portrayal of fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
