The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, are mainly on one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work is called 'Saturday' and it tells the story of a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, pulled a ball eastward with a black cord.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been awarded the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers, dancers appear with the sogo, a small drum with little sound, and their movements are usually more complex.
The spacecraft is made up of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö differs from the Freedom Party, as they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was given a place in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very difficult.
The NRC is now a private foundation.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so on his birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
The national museum of scotland was created in 2007 by merging both names.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union while he was a presidential candidate.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 for the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship when Saturn pinned Eddie Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927. Then she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was spotted in late July 1989 from the Voyager 2 probe images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place in Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and seize the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decorations. They are used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development cycles and is working to make interaction design a well-known discipline.
It is possible that the editors and administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a baby girl, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center gives formal minor planet designations, which are number-name combinations. It is a branch of the International Astronomical Union.
Wind shear started to increase on September 30, causing the storm to weaken.
Each entry contains a copy of the data from its backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque, even if it is not enforced.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel "Mariel of Redwall" in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, this one contains four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
Millions of this stamp were printed during Victoria's reign and it remained the standard letter stamp.
The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts promotion. It was billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that can cause giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, known as "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes later got in trouble with the Chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour.
The celebrity episodes have featured Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while it was orbiting around Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called "gomaespuma".
On 16 June 2009, the band announced the official release date of the resistance on their website.
He is also a member of another boyband called 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, states that Hallel Psalms were sung with "Alleluia" as the refrain during early Christian Agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and agreed to defend the northern region of France against other viking groups in return.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple, a 10-year-old child actress, presented Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumers are confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to make it put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons often have special powers, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is in the Tuscany region of Italy.
It was recently discovered that itch and pain have similarities, but they are not the same.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. This mucous lubricates snout movement and catches ants and termites.
The tram derailed on May 30, 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during trials.
Statues of sir Alf Ramsey and sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers supplied food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France. It is located in the Sarthe department of the Pays-de-la-Loire region.
If there are no land use controls, bypasses can become congested like regular town roads.
It is a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information on its pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover. He later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they cannot see well.
Only chitin is as tough as them as a biological material.
Oregano is necessary for Greek cuisine.
tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He created and published his own works, while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned pieces.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The heavy continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the inability to read despite being able to do so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medication.
It will then drop back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis's father is a big supporter of his son and is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium wage is the price for a certain type of labor.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book called "An Adventure" in 1911 under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia and was ruled by the Church. In 1860, it merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, and it caused flooding and heavy rains in Brazil before it dissipated the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed versions of themselves.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990. The difference was a single first-place vote.
Shade's disobedience of the law triggers the destruction of his colony's home and leads to the group's forced migration, separating Shade from them.
the female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds near the outer banks.
They play speed chess, with each competitor having twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The Atlantic coastline and West Virginia experienced moderate to severe damage.
The owner is usually unaware, so these computers are often referred to as zombies.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press releases an updated stylebook annually.
The four canonical texts are Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. They were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are composed of ice crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but often subversion snapshots are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his ‘destiny city’.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks during the Soviet years: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain. He was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration (CHP) is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes a male "den master" will let a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a type of code that can be turned on in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to get you involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland and she was left behind. Explanations for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He served as an organist there from at least 1615 until he died.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he might not accept it.
Esperanto speakers later viewed the language and culture as an end in itself, even if it is not adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife. She died in 1945.
Each license has a unique version number.
Users do not need to register an account to use an irc server, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In the same year, he was certified as an airplane mechanic in New York, making him the youngest certificated mechanic.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color with their environment. The ermine and snowshoe hare change seasonally, while cephalopods can change color rapidly with chromatophores.
Val Venis won a Steel Cage Match against Rikishi, keeping the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera, allowing Venis to pin Rikishi.
This follows the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer. His father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites are found in 51 countries on six continents, with the largest populations located in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States.
Naas is a large town near Dublin and many people live there and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, and spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Irmo was created on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the new Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords, conversely.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife while preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a five-word passage to the front cover and a 25-word passage to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is more efficiently scattered than red light. This is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France. It is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
Macgruber attempts to make something with simple objects to defuse the bomb, but he is often distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the final movement of the composition with help from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Karbala is a holy city for Shi'a Muslims, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, accusing them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle are usually needed to travel through remote areas on isolated tracks.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop music emerged in the early 1990s, inspired by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
These people were placed in battalions being created for the xi international brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It holds 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was recognized by the State of Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and contain a lot of information, while others are shorter and not as good.
There are currently 95 species accepted.
eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English speakers use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha" and "Hiawatha's Departure".
The capital of the state is Aracaju. Its population is large.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade, despite this.
gumbasia was made using kinesthetic film principles, a style taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol, and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is in Cabonne shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position. However, only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top and taper at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by banning Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. This was due to Stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's in 2005, and their system-wide sales surpassed McDonald's in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
The protests across the nation were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas were very popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were discovered near the ancient city of Chang ' an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921. She was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. She died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was reportedly hard to control.
The earliest extant church in Assisi is Santa Maria Maggiore, also known as St. Mary the Greater.
Radar observations show the composition is mostly iron and nickel.
Railway gazette international is a monthly business journal about railways, metros, light rails and trams.
He was given the title of companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche contains the Onyx interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, which is used in Switzerland.
A matchbook is a cardboard folder with a striking surface that holds matches.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume original English-language manga series. It follows Graystripe between being taken by twolegs in Dawn and returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not stay in urban areas; many immigrants who were peddlers could interact with Americans regularly.
He was renowned for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture for gardens.
She had collapsed lungs twice as a child, and suffered from pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not sustainable for preserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term "gribble" was first used in 1799 to refer to wood-boring species, particularly Limnoria lignorum from Norway.
Wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque without praying must follow rules.
It has a pointed face and is the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work done compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus with the incorporation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said Saddam would be put on trial, but the details had not been decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was created on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby towns are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved and it is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990. It issued its own postage stamps, separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The most common polymer used is epoxy, but polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon can also be used.
The name has been kept for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website, even after the printed magazine ended.
At four-and-a-half years old, he had to survive on the streets of northern Italy for four years. He stayed in various orphanages and traveled with groups of homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town can still be called a market town even if it does not hold a market anymore, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A fortification was built on the eastern side later.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway and was killed.
Some people think that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Only use html and css markup with good reason.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots publicly.
Addiscombe is a suburb located in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituents are citizens who live in an area governed by a politician, and who may have elected that politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone made a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and drove it up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita to shoot the scene.
The conference papers were published in a book called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" the following year. It was written by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been caused by mental issues rather than physical ones.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to settle in the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates on its surface.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon. It has craters, smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town is situated in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery. He also displays selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, a shootout in Frankfurt led to the arrest of him and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins.
They created new music manchester, a group devoted to modern music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys and a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is now located there, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner was the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been noted.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs can't be shared without further manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB installer to make a live USB. This allows the user to save their configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly. FDP had 2 members, CVP had 2 members, SP had 2 members, and SVP had 1 member.
A fee is a price paid for services. It is usually an honorarium paid to a professional.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, while Scotland fended off a Norse invasion and secured a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became open source and free to use, but other operating systems had surpassed it by this time, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal can be medium brown, gold-ish, beige-white, or marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, as shown by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
On September 22, a warning was issued and was extended southwards as Jose intensified. It was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
Intertitles provide audiences with information and historians can use them to imagine what the film was like.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender.
Before the second game started, the press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's usual standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, were created as a result of civil unrest in northern Italy.
Some reports say that certain factors can cause paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian and found a "low door in the wall," leading to an "enclosed and enchanted garden" which is a metaphor for the work.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was notorious and an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal means structures that are on or grow off the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of one large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in France.
The color is between orange and pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was built, curving north from Union Station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line went through the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that went west to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may experience arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region, it includes the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google released the comic early, and made it available on Google Books and their site. They also mentioned it on their official blog, with an explanation.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It must be audited and require official proofs before changes are made.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but wasn't widely used in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994. They performed in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, resulting in Napoleon capturing over 30,000 prisoners and the Austrians suffering 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria's economy is centered in Kano, where groundnuts are produced and exported.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a short standoff, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as those for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun is thought to be an Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It is likely derived from the name arzash, which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa, which was used by the ancients to refer to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was selected as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be made and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni, but neither were successful.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She also starred in some music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde was granted its town charter on June 24, 1979, which was the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline reappeared in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994. She returned again in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although she is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His exact date of birth is unknown but believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantity shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, and also in parts of the Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
In Ireland, he had a daughter with Ann E Power. Her name was Mary Ann Fisher Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists, but few people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate, like a guitar string, to create different particles like electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
