The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, composed mostly of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the Rizeigat region, are the main forces on one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam. Muslims must visit it at least once in their lifetime.
It is believed that the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows the life of a successful neurosurgeon on a special day.
The tarantula, a trickster character, tied a black cord to the ball and quickly pulled it east.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally similar to them.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
After the drummers come dancers, they usually play the sogo drum and have more intricate choreography.
The spacecraft is made up of two parts : the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe. The Orbiter is named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, while the Probe is named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham studied anthropology at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA.
The bzö is different from the Freedom Party, as it supports a referendum for the Lisbon Treaty and is against an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was honored with induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
It is very hard to get into Tsinghua.
Today, nrc is a private, independent foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, and surrounds the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so his birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations throughout Thailand.
Both names were combined into the national museum of scotland in 2007.
Tagore copied many styles, including art from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps at the Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 as part of PBS's Great Performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in late July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship was held at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East corner of Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
People use small pieces of colored and iridescent shell to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark, to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and is trying to make interaction design a well-known field.
It is possible that the other editors and the administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are an island chain. They are separated from the Scottish mainland and inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center , a branch of the iau, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased on September 30 and the storm began to weaken.
Each entry contains a datum, which is a copy of data from the backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque, even if the mosque does not enforce violations.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It consists of four reports, just like the previous assessment reports. Three of them are from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter. She is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Queen Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion. It was known as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that can cause giardiasis. It lives and reproduces in the small intestine.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the Left Behind films. He plays Cameron "Buck" Williams in them.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, which was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory. Later, he was named the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Later, weelkes had issues with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his excessive drinking and wild behavior.
Celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have all been featured on the show so far.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the band announced the release date of The Resistance on their website.
He is also a member of the Jungiery boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus, a theologian, wrote about early Christians singing Hallel Psalms with "alleluia" as the refrain in their agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and promised to protect the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
The bohemian switzerland is located in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as a megabyte instead of a mebibyte.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or help it gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons are special because they have strong "knacks" and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, itch and pain were found to share some common features, but also to have notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. This lubricates movement and helps catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Calculate the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass, making it as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
People use it as a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful, but usually are not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for the information on these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover. He later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is bad.
Chitin is the only biological material that rivals their toughness.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, while his larger woodcuts were usually commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history, using primary sources and other evidence.
The continental icecap is believed to add to the high oxygen concentration in lake vostok.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as medicine.
It will then fall back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Floyd's father is a big fan of his son and supports him.
After becoming a category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
Believing that the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book about their adventure in 1911 under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the legation of Perugia, under the temporal rule of the Church. In 1860, Trevi became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, and it caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before it dissipated the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current lineup includes Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques to encourage civic participation.
Pete and Dud have foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law which starts a series of events that results in the destruction of his colony's home, leading to their migration and his separation from them.
the female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The players compete in speed chess, with a total of twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
The Atlantic coastline and inland areas as far as West Virginia experienced moderate to severe damage.
These computers are often compared to zombies due to the unawareness of their owners.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. They were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the ice crystals in clouds on Earth.
they can only participate until they become adults.
Development stable releases are rare, but subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
During the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two important landmarks in Rostov: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey proved this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is when a heat engine or power station generates both electricity and heat.
Sometimes the male "den master" will let a second male in the den, but why is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is a snippet of JavaScript or CSS that you can enable in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland and she was left behind. Reasons for this vary.
In 1615, James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He served as an organist there until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to accept his award.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as goals in themselves, even if Esperanto is never used by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife. She died in 1945.
Every version of the license has a unique version number.
Setting a nickname is required to use an irc server.
In that year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 will be a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will be held on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually shown as bald with long whiskers. He is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color to match their environment. This can happen seasonally, like with the ermine and snowshoe hare, or quickly with chromatophores in creatures like cephalopods.
Val Venis retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He came from a musical family.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries around the world. The largest populations are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States.
Naas is a big town near Dublin. Many people live in Naas but work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had armor with oval plates in the skin and spikes on the neck and shoulders.
IRMO was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while he planned the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and a passage of up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a type of tissue found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of southern France.
Macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is often distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the final movement of the piece with assistance from George Benjamin after Messiaen's death.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as a holy city, alongside Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, which the pad accused of being controlled by Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four-wheel-drive vehicle.
In 1928, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building while at Kahn.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop originated from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was inspired by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
These people joined battalions that were forming for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and it operates shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh biggest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the "Righteous Among the Nations".
Some articles are long and have a lot of content, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
There are about 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English speakers often use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He composed several pieces about Hiawatha, such as "The Death of Minnehaha," "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha," and "Hiawatha's Departure."
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years, despite this.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles, taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol, so he grew up to be a lawyer.
Cowra is an historic township located in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia. It is in the Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China searched the Peel River and the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, the most used calculation tool in science and engineering was the .
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner body.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made with bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, the most of any current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Many record stores banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and slim at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because of Stern's discussions about moving to Sirius satellite radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's in 2005 and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Kirk Cameron stars as Captain Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky planned to write the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were very successful in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found near Xian, which used to be Chang 'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that it is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal about the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries.
He was given the title of Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche has the facilities of Onyx, a Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a striking surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series about Graystripe's journey from when he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not form urban enclaves. Many of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to interact with Americans often.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
As a child, she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving species like Leadbeater's possum, as they need nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian ice hockey team.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors.
Rathke first described the wood-boring species from Norway in 1799, and called it Limnoria lignorum, which is now known as gribble.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Until 1596, the county's administration was held in Duns or Lauder. Greenlaw became the county town then.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must follow rules.
Its face is pointed and it is around the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is determined by how much work it completes compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are located on the Volga.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus with the incorporation of the bank, funded by a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced that Saddam would be put on trial, but the details were not yet decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
nupedia was created on March 9, 2000 by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are other nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring of the column was added in 1938-39 when it was moved to its current location. It is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990. It issued its own postage stamps, separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera around 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but polyester, vinyl ester and nylon can also be used.
The name of the magazine lives on as a brand for the related digital TV channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he lived on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He stayed in orphanages and traveled through towns with homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
A town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
Some believe the NKVD removed Tresca in revenge for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This made Montenegro and Serbia independent countries.
Only use html and css markup when there is a good reason.
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were not true.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can also mean a citizen who lives in the area governed by a politician, and who may have voted for them.
Prunk is part of the Institute of European History in Mainz. He is also a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the following year, titled "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin composed Opus 57, which is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been mental rather than physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks similar to the moon. It has many craters, smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
Geographically, the town is in the Limmat Valley, between Baden and Zurich.
these are great habitats for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister's term depends on their support from the lower house.
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and selflessness. He demonstrates this by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys. It created a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims are located at this site.
The main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in a national competition. She was the second American woman to do so.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine pipefish species and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Northeast Caribbean, around 300 km (186 miles) from Puerto Rico.
These pdfs can not be shared without changing them if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner. The order was given by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb, and the user can save their configuration and personal data if they want.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly. The Free Democratic Party (FDP) had 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) had 2 members, the Social Democratic Party (SP) had 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) had 1 member.
A fee is a payment for services. It is often paid to professionals such as doctors, lawyers, or consultants.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to stop a Norse invasion and create a favorable peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software. However, other operating systems had become more capable than it, so it mainly remained an OS for students and hobbyists.
The body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white. It may also have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was created in Scotland, which is represented by its thistle logo.
On September 22, a warning was issued for the area. It was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter showed audiences information that intertitles do now. This helps historians understand what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral, which prevents industrial and commercial expansion.
He escaped Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded their surrender.
The press decided the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance did not meet Veeck's promotion standards before the second game began.
In a video promoting charity equality now, Joss Whedon stated that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a fictional character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, came from the civil unrest in Northern Italy.
Reports say that certain factors can cause both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian, and Waugh says he found "that low door in the wall...which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden".
She was known for her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin, which had a big impact on her life.
The term 'dorsal' means parts of an animal that are close to or on its back.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula. He thought they were composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France's Calvados department. It is located in the Basse-Normandie region in the northwest.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was built from Union Station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is situated on an old portage trail leading west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can be vulnerable to arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region was very diverse, ranging from the mountains of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google put the comic on Google Books and their website, and mentioned it on their blog, with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it must pass an internal audit and have official proofs before any changes can be made.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but was not widely used.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
At the Battle of Ulm in the Napoleonic Wars, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army. This gave Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicted 10,000 casualties on the losers.
Northern Nigeria has long been economically centered around the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many buildings were built on campus, such as those for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It is formed from a proper name arzash, which is similar to arsene, arsissa, used by the ancients for part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni as their first trainers, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She also was in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde became a town on June 24, 1979, which was the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure tells us how much of a substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps span multiple cantons, including Bern, Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter in there; she was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He was sad that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, just like a guitar string can produce different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle, like an electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.
