The Sudanese military and the janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, make up one side of the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holy city of Islam. Muslims must visit there at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune.
His next work, Saturday, tells the story of a neurosurgeon's busy day.
The tarantula, the trickster character, pulled the ball east by using a black cord.
On 13 January 888, he died six weeks later.
The people of papua new guinea have similar cultures to them.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The drummers are followed by dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound. The dancers have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe. They are named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini and Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
People believed the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and got a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is similar to the freedom party, but it favors a referendum about the lisbon treaty and opposes an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
It is very hard to get into Tsinghua.
Today, NRC is set up as a private, independent foundation.
It is at the coast of the Baltic Sea and it surrounds the city of Stralsund.
He was given the title of "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so on his birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow.
Both names were merged into the national museum of scotland in 2007.
Tagore imitated many styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada's British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She played for President Reagan in 1988 as part of the Great Performances at the White House series, which was aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero and Chyna.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 saw Ophelia as an elongated object, pointing towards Uranus.
The British wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not use Western Australian time.
Architectural decoration uses small pieces of colored and iridescent shell to create mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture and boxes.
The incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark in order to stop drek.
It is not really a louse.
He promotes the use of user-centered design process in product development cycles and works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the editors, administrator, and someone half a world away are part of a conspiracy.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, born on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the iau, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased on September 30 and the storm began to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of data in a backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque, even if it is not enforced.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July 1988, plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
This assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups, just like previous assessment reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter and a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a renowned biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The international fight league was an American MMA promotion. It was called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that can cause giardiasis by colonizing and reproducing in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron “Buck” Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, known as "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory. He was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was later punished by the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behaviour.
So far, celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan have appeared on the show.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it from images from the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show, gomaespuma.
On 16 June 2009, the release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus wrote about singing Hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to protect the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Ten-year-old child actress Shirley Temple presented a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones to Disney.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion for consumers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
Numerous reports have been made about ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special abilities called "knacks". Seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software found the 2009 version has a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Itch and pain were not thought of as separate sensations until recently. It was then discovered that itch has similarities to pain, but has its own unique features.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. This lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during its previous trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to the people at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France's Sarthe department. It is in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in the northwest of the country.
If land use controls are not strict, buildings will be built along a bypass, making it just like a regular town road and it can become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
It is a starting point for people exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
bruises can be painful but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for your use of the information in it.
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
Chitin is the only biological material that rivals them in toughness.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used for pharmaceuticals.
It will then drop back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, landis' father is a big fan of his son, Floyd.
After reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book about their adventure under pseudonyms in 1911.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia and the Church's temporal rule. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, causing heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current members are Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
The characters Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier versions.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall. However, he left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart in 1990 by two votes, with one first-place vote.
Shade breaks a law, causing the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm came, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played, with each competitor having twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The damage was moderate to severe up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
The wave went across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press' stylebook is updated yearly.
The canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 1800s.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot participate fully until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are usually stable subversion snapshots.
In 1482 the order sent him to Florence, his destiny.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks during the Soviet era: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, or Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male "den master" will let a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled in wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She stayed when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland. The reason is unknown.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there from 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially thought of not accepting it.
Esperanto speakers later saw the language and its culture as important, even if it was not adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air weakened the deep convection of the cyclone by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on 30 April 1945. She was the companion and briefly the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a distinguishing version number.
Most irc servers do not need an account to be registered, but the user must set a nickname to be connected.
In that same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will be held on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers. He is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals change color in different environments. Examples include the ermine and snowshoe hare which change color seasonally, and cephalopods which can change color rapidly with chromatophores.
Val Venis won a steel cage match against Rikishi and kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera, allowing Venis to pin him.
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one job well, and working together through universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He came from a musical family.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in 51 countries across six continents.
Naas is a big town near Dublin. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
acanthopholis's armor was oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes on the neck and shoulders, and down the spine.
Origin Irmo was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
During the years before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while he made plans to retake Wallachia.
You can add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and a passage of up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light scatters more than red light, like when the sky is blue and the sunsets are red.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is always distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
shi ' a muslims revere karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca, medina, jerusalem and najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom they accused of being Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop began in the early 1990s and was influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
This was added to battalions being formed for the xi international brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are used.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the "Righteous Among the Nations".
Some articles are long and have a lot of content while others are shorter and of lower quality.
There are 95 species currently accepted.
eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government powers.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee was his idol, so MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China searched for gold along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator was invented, it was the most popular tool used for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner than the original.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame, the highest of any position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Mainstream Christian bodies have rejected alternative views on the subject throughout the centuries.
The album was not allowed in many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because of his frequent discussions about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's, and also had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who performed in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought about writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found near Xian, which was the ancient city of Chang'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. She was born on February 13, 1921, and died on November 11, 1968.
Many say the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries globally.
In 1988, he was given the title of companion of honour.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, a Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that has matches inside and a striking surface on the exterior.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series about Graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs and his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves. Many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans every day.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum due to the need for nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally used for wood-boring species such as Limnoria lignorum, which was first described in Norway by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has performed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules.
It has a pointed face and is the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
the crosier symbolises the monasteries in the area.
human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago helped Yunus incorporate his bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details had not yet been decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
tajikistan, turkmenistan, and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south, and the people's republic of china to the east.
Bomis Inc. created nupedia on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other close settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current location. It is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester or nylon may be used.
The name lives on as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
He was four-and-a-half years old when he was left alone on the streets of northern Italy. He stayed there for four years, living in different orphanages and travelling with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
Even if a town no longer holds a market, it can still be referred to as a market town if it has the right to do so.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway and was killed.
Some believe the NKVD eliminated Tresca as punishment for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Only use html and css markup if there is a good reason.
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can also mean a citizen living in the area governed by a politician, sometimes those who voted for them.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm for the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al. the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin composed a berceuse for solo piano called Opus 57.
these attacks could have been caused by psychological issues instead of physical ones.
A historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move to the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have revealed hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon: it has many craters, smooth plains, no moons and no atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these are excellent habitats for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery. He also shows selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, which is a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused great damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is located there, and it also has facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner was the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km from Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for being part of an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5, leading to flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB installer to create a live USB. The user can save their configuration and personal data if they want.
The seats were distributed depending on the parties' strength in the federal assembly. FDP had 2 members, CVP had 2 members, SP had 2 members, and SVP had 1 member.
A fee is what one pays for services, like an honorarium for a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland fought off a Norse invasion and negotiated a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software. However, other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body of this species can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, represented by the thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified and then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of combat.
Intertitles gave audiences information, and help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used to get capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He attempted to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
The press said that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game was not up to Veeck's usual promotional standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a video promoting the charity equality now.
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that certain factors make paralysis and hallucinations more likely.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was searching for love when he first met Sebastian and found the "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden", a metaphor in Waugh's work.
She was famous for her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin.
The term dorsal refers to structures that are on or come from the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins have the same empirical formula and might be made of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in France's Calvados department.
The color of it is from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station. It curved north, went below University Avenue and Queen's Park, and ended near Bloor Street and St. George Streets.
Before 1980, the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line went along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can be at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region, and it includes the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site, mentioned it on its official blog, and explained the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It must pass an internal audit and have official proofs before it can be changed.
The book 'Political Economy' was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994. These performances included Moscow, Leningrad, China, and India.
Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars. This gave Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and caused 10,000 casualties to the losers.
Northern Nigeria has used it as an economic centre for a long time. It is also a centre for groundnut production and export.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages like Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many buildings were built on campus, including ones for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name Arzashkun is the Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It comes from Arzash, which was the name given by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be made and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither achieved success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She was also in several music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979, which was the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the 1994 game boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as Mario's friend.
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His exact birthdate is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps extend into the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud, even though the name suggests they are only in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists in an interview and was sad that not many people knew about him.
The string can vibrate like a guitar string and each vibration creates a different particle such as an electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
