on one side of the armed conflicts there are mainly the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , which every able-bodied Muslim is required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , saturday , will follow an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
on january 888 , he died six weeks later .
the coastal people of papua new guinea are culturally similar to the aborigines of australia .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award , worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and often have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on november 8 , 1942 .
it was assumed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
However, the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species disappeared in the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is most commonly found as a white powder .
getting into Tsinghua is very competitive .
today, nrc is an independent, private foundation.
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport that is believed to have derived from the same origins as many racquet sports .
on king bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand , everything will be decorated in yellow color .
the two names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
Tagore did imitate numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in two great performances at the white house series that aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn won the wwf european championship with terri  by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna by a score of 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
until 1927 she remained in the united states , later returning to france with her husband .
despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on september 4th, 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly stories .
on voyager 2 , ophelia appears as an elongated object , with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true insect .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it's theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , which are separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
on july 12 , 2008 , orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton into their home .
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to rapidly increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data point which is a copy of the data point in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it has four reports – three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this, cameron has also often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays cameron "buck" williams.
this is the area east of the mouth of the vistula river ; later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating from college, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and luke .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and disorderly behavior .
so far, the 'celebrity' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser
on june 16 , 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that early christian agape feasts should include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for this oath of fealty , rollo swore to charles that he would convert to christianity and help defend the northern region of france from the incursions of other viking groups .
voa is derived from voice of america
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it remains the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal will be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special "knacks" that give them powerful magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software showed the 2009 version to have a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely separate until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which allows for easy movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which cling to it .
on may 30 , the same tram derailed at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers offered food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which can eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a great place to start if you want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain, but they're not always dangerous.
none of the people listed above can be held responsible for what you do with the information on these pages .
george frideric handel was also kapellmeister for george elector of hanover , who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small , and their vision is poor .
they are only rivaled as biological materials in toughness by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets for national rail services , the docklands light railway , and oyster cards can be retailed .
these works he produced and published himself , with the exception of the woodcuts he mostly commissioned.
the historical method is a set of techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
the weight of the continent sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148 people.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
after eating, it will dislodge itself and sink back to the riverbed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son floyd and regards himself as one of his biggest fans .
after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became chaotic .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book named adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to London , and devoted himself chiefly to teaching practical matters .
brunstad has a fast food restaurant , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a force of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly conquered territory .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged with that of the states of the church , then it was annexed by the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
on the 20th of december , the depression moved inland and lost its convection , leading to heavy rains and flooding in brazil the next day .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are similar to their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks the law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999.
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that's drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage was reported along the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 . See also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made up of tiny crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of large crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is only allowed when they reach a certain legal age .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the Soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
the miller-urey experiment showed this in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes a second male will be allowed into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to get you started .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
from at least 1615 until his death , james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal .
chauvin was embarrassed when he was awarded his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later , Esperantists began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as valuable in and of themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American novelist .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler on february 6 , 1912 , was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but a user has to set a nickname before being connected .
in that same year , he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will be produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and will be held at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California on August 23, 2009.
he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar , who is usually portrayed as being bald .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally like the ermine or snowshoe hare or more rapidly like the cephalopod family members with chromatophores in their integument .
val venis won a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this philosophy resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and cooperating over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents .
Naas is a major Dublin suburb , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis had armor made of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into his skin , with spikes coming out of his neck and shoulder area , along his spine .
in 1890, origin irmo was chartered in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , Illinois .
bone marrow is the soft, flexible tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than for red light; this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this work was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej , and somchai wongsawat , whom it accused of being proxies for thaksin .
travelling through very remote areas often requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn, he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves for rehearsal .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was incorporated into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run on it .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
on december 12 , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and dense while others are shorter and perhaps less detailed .
there are about 95 known species of plants
Eugowra is said to be named after the aboriginal australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for "moving picture" are often heard in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in the style vorkapich taught as kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located in the central west of new south wales in cabonne shire .
on june 18 , 2002, donaldson enlisted in the australian army.
prospectors from all over California , Europe , and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , calculators were the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20% faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt is a dairy product that's made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five players have been inducted into the hall of fame for their contributions to defensemen, more than any other position .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's confirmed their IPO by March , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and he always follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters : " never leave your partner behind ."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia
in 1913 , orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet .
the protests in the country were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were incredibly popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles that are from the Tang dynasty with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  in modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly unplayable .
santa maria maggiore st. mary the greater , the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations show that the metal has a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the interception systems of onyx , a Swiss company that specializes in electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small, thin cardboard folder with a cover that encloses a quantity of matches and has a rough, striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never leave the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
in 1994, Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the wood-boring species limnoria lignorum was originally called gribble .
when someone is hurt with a club , their wounds are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever landed a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange in the port jackson district , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed on one end and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs are located along the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region .
human skin tones can go from very dark to very pale .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank .
bremer reported that they were going to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
the professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , and afghanistan all border one another , with iran to the west , pakistan to the south , and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19th , 1987 in jwaneng , Botswana . He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
other settlements near by include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39, when the column was moved to its present location .
westberlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , circa 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's largest and capital city .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used.
the name of the magazine survives as the brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have withstood the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless kids .
goals were eventually added behind each set of stands during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
A town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
events europe july 29 - olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle of stiklestad.
others have argued that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime by the soviet union .
this caused both montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if at all .
schuschnigg responded publicly that there had been no riots .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon , England .
when used in the context of a politician , constituent can mean either a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by the politician , or one who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
in 2003, stalone had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of shooting the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while they were riding on it .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
it's not clear whether these attacks were psychological in origin or if they were actually physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites , and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are good for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as the lower house approves of his or her actions .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery , and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , which is dedicated to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , including a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of fish and nine species of Seahorse have been recorded so far.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
on october 5 , heavy rain fell all over parts of britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 includes a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in proportion to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the amount one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , there are dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish publication , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was gradually increased southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
intertitles were added to films in the latter part of the 19th century to provide audiences with more information about what was happening on-screen .
that's because real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to get financing to expand into industrial and commercial areas .
he ran from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " weird looking person in a cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
the civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
various factors can increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was punishment by transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was an important part of her life .
the term dorsal refers to things that are situated on the top or on the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months and then managed to evade capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France .
colors can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963, an extension was added stretching from union station to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of having arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest sub-region in southern Mexico , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they must be carefully audited and require official proofs before they are altered .
the book, political economy, was published in 1985 but didn't gain a lot of classroom adoption until later on.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , and toured with them again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack Surrenders His Army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, Reaping Napoleon Over 30,000 Prisoners and Imposing 10,000 Casualties on the Losers.
it is the economic center of northern Nigeria , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
most of the south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his son robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started moving into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is in scott county in illinois , United States of America.
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka , formed from the proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who applied to be part of the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
the show aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but he had limited success .
Brighton is a city in Washington county , Iowa , in the United States .
furthermore , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 , 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , the town charter was given to it .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 .
the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth is unknown , but it is believed to be somewhere between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance needs to be used to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there, he had one daughter , later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power , to Ann E Power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people knew or remembered about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
