the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia, made up of the afro-arab abbala tribes, are fighting against each other in sudan .
jeddah is an important gateway to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which all muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
a dark area on neptune may be a hole in its methane cloud layer.
the next book he wrote was about a neurosurgeon's exciting day in his life called "Saturday".
the trickster character, the tarantula, pulled a black cord attached to a ball and quickly crawled east, tugging on the cord with all of his might.
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
the abelam people have a strong cultural connection to the people of papua new guinea .
the kate greenaway medal recipient since 2000 also receives the colin mears award , worth £5000 .
dancers follow the drummer, playing a small drum called the sogo and performing acrobatic moves.
the cassini-huygens mission is a joint space exploration project between the nasa and the european space agency , named after astronomers giovanni cassini and christiaan huygens .
sandro mazzola is a retired italian football player , born on 8 november 1942 .
it was originally believed that the craters were filled in by the debris from the impact .
graham graduated from wheaton college in 1943 with a ba in anthropology.
the bzö is different from the freedom party in that it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but does not support leaving the eu.
european settlement caused many species to become extinct by the end of the nineteenth century .
in 1987, wexler was given a place in the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its natural form .
getting into tsinghua university is very hard .
nrc is now a private, independent foundation .
the straße des 17 juni is located on the baltic sea coast and surrounds the city of stralsund .
in 1982, sports illustrated named him "sportsman of the year".
fives is a racquet sport that originated in britain .
on king bhumibol's birthday, thailand is decorated with yellow decorations in celebration.
in 2007, the royal museum of scotland and the museum of scotland combined to become the national museum of scotland .
tagore incorporated many styles in his work , such as art from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
john f. kennedy proposed the idea for the peace corps on october 14, 1960 at the michigan union .
she performed at the white house in 1988 for president reagan , and it was broadcast on pbs .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she and her husband stayed in the united states until 1927, then went back to france .
voyager 2 found despina in july 1989 .
the first italian grand prix motor race was held at brescia on 4 september 1921 .
he wrote two short story collections : the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 probe saw ophelia as an oval shape, with its longest side pointing toward uranus.
the british decided to remove him and seize the land by military force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia use different times than the rest of the state .
shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays to decorate walls , furniture , and boxes .
other cities in the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
Clank wants Ratchet's help to find Captain Qwark, the superhero, to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
it is not a real louse.
he promotes a user-focused design process in product development and works to popularize interaction design as a major field .
it is possible that people half a world away have been reported by other editors and blocked by an administrator as part of a conspiracy .
group one looks into the science behind climate systems and climate change .
the hebrides islands are divided by the minch, little minch, and sea of hebrides waters from the scottish mainland and inner hebrides .
orton and his wife became parents with the birth of alanna marie on july 12, 2008.
names and numbers of minor planets are assigned by the iau's minor planet center .
in the early morning of september 30, strong winds started to weaken the storm.
each entry in a database contains a datum which is a copy of the data stored elsewhere .
when visiting a mosque , men and women must follow certain rules to respect the religious guidelines .
brian jacques wrote the fantasy novel "Mariel of Redwall" in 1991.
ryan prosser, born on 10 july 1988, is a professional rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
the assessment report consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
hélène langevin-joliot, granddaughter of pierre and marie curie, is a professor of nuclear physics and her brother pierre joliot is a biochemist.
a stamp with queen victoria's face was used for all letters during her reign and a lot of them were made .
the international fight league was an mma promotion in the united states, it was the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia is a parasite that infects the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
cameron has acted in some christian-themed films , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the vistula river and was called " prussia proper ".
upon graduating , he returned to yerevan to teach music and eventually became the director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story is based on the bible stories in matthew and luke .
weelkes got in trouble with the chichester cathedral officials due to his alcohol consumption and inappropriate behavior .
some famous people have been featured in the ' celebrity ' episodes, such as vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o'grady, and lee ryan.
stephen p. synnott discovered thering in 1979 when voyager 1 passed jupiter .
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser hosted a spanish radio show called 'gomaespuma'.
the release date for the resistance album was announced on the band's website on june 16, 2009 .
He is also a member of a Chinese boyband called 183 club.
hippolytus, a theologian, wrote about singing hallel psalms with alleluia in early christian gatherings .
rollo swore loyalty to charles, converted to christianity, and promised to protect northern france from viking raids .
it is based on the english language used in the voice of america's special english broadcasts.
shirley temple presented disney with a full-size oscar and seven miniature ones .
an asteroid was found by a spacecraft for the first time .
hinterrhein is a district in the swiss canton of graubünden .
the bohemian switzerland is now located in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 1 mb is referenced as 1,048,576 bytes instead of 1 mib .
there have been many debates about the ethical implications of this event .
animals are castrated to make them more tame and help them gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special powers called "knacks" and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
passmark software benchmarking showed that the 2009 version of the product had an install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and memory utilization of 7 mb .
volterra is a city in tuscany, italy .
Itch and pain were not considered to be separate sensations until recently, when scientists discovered that they have some similarities, but also many differences.
glycoprotein-rich mucous on the tongue of an anteater makes it sticky to help catch ants and termites .
a tram had derailed at starr gate loop during a previous test run on 30 may 2006.
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both ipswich town and england football managers, are located outside the stadium .
calculate the standard deviation .
volunteers brought food , blankets , water , toys, massages , and live music to the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the pays-de-la-loire region of france .
if land use is not managed , buildings can be built along a bypass and it can become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid .
cooktown is a great base for those wanting to explore cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises can be painful but usually not dangerous .
no one related to wikipedia is responsible for any use of the information from its webpages .
george frideric handel was the court composer for george , elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .
seals have poor eyesight due to their small eyes .
only chitin is stronger than these biological materials .
greek food would not be the same without oregano .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway , and with an oyster card .
he printed and published some of his own works , while larger woodcuts were mostly made for other people .
historians use the historical method to study and write about the past using primary sources and evidence.
the heavy weight of the ice on lake vostok is thought to be why the oxygen levels are so high .
in the year 2000 , there were 89,148 people living in the area .
aliteracy is an inability to be interested in reading despite being able to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic drug used in medicine .
after catching prey, the fish will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for another meal.
research shows children are less likely to tell about a crime if it involves someone close to them .
floyd landis ' father is now a strong supporter of his son and a great admirer of him .
once the hurricane reached category 4 status , its outer convection became disorganized .
the wage for a certain type of labor is the equilibrium price .
believing that the grounds were haunted , elizabeth morison and frances lamont wrote a book about their discoveries called "an adventure" in 1911 .
he moved to london to focus on teaching .
brunstad has many dining options , including fast food , cafeteria-style eating , a coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops in the conquered area .
in 1438, trevi was taken over by the church, and in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy.
the depression caused flooding in brazil when it moved inland and lost its convection, then dissipated the following day .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995 .
the current band members are flynn , duce , phil demmel , and dave mcclain .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely to use mosques for civic engagement than muslim-majority countries in the middle east region .
pete and dud are rude, crude characters in the comedy show.
johan was once the bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before their first album was released .
culver won the 1998 iowa secretary of state election .
mark messier won the hart trophy in 1990 by a two-vote margin against ray bourque .
Shade's reckless defiance of the law causes a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, causing them to migrate and separate from him.
a girl is a female child .
in april 1999, he was diagnosed with a terminal abdominal cancer .
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
the type of chess played is called speed chess and each player has twelve minutes to finish the game .
the amazon basin is an area in south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
two former presidents were charged with treason and mutiny for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre .
the atlantic coast and parts of west virginia experienced moderate to severe damage from the storm .
computers that are controlled by hackers are often compared to zombies because the owner is unaware .
the storm began in the atlantic and became a tropical depression near haiti on september 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is published every year .
the four main gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
eschelbronn is a town famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 1800s .
the top part of the shield is similar to the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
the clouds on neptune are made of frozen methane , unlike clouds on earth which are made of ice crystals .
minors cannot fully participate in activities until they are of legal age .
development of the software is infrequent , but there are often reliable and stable snapshots available .
in 1482, the order sent him to florence, his fate-filled city.
during the soviet era , two of rostov's famous churches were destroyed : st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan .
he passed away on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was laid to rest in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey's miller-urey experiment in 1953 showed this .
cogeneration, or combined heat and power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to produce electricity and heat at the same time.
occasionally , two male bears can be found in a den ; the reason why is unknown .
wikipedia gadgets are snippets of javascript and css code that can be enabled in the user preferences.
here are some helpful links to get involved .
Mustafa al-Nahhas was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and she was left behind without explanation .
james i appointed john bull to be an organist in the chapel royal and he stayed there until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and first said he wouldn't take it .
eventually , esperanto speakers developed a culture and language that was its own goal , even if it was never officially accepted by global organizations .
the dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection by september 12 .
calvin baker is a writer from the united states .
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and briefly his wife, who died in 1945.
the licenses are labeled with different version numbers .
to use irc, users must set a nickname, but no account is needed.
in that year, he was the youngest to receive a certificate as a plane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event produced by the wwe, to be held on august 23, 2009 in los angeles, california.
usually thought of as bald with long whiskers , he is believed to be a representation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in response to their environment, like the ermine and snowshoe hare, or much faster with chromatophores like cephalopods.
val venis won the steel cage match against rikishi to keep the wwf intercontinental championship ; he pinned rikishi with help from tazz's tv camera .
it follows the unix idea of having many programs that each do one task well, and they all work together with a universal interface .
his family was very musically inclined ; his mother sang and his father was a band director at yale university .
mennonites can be found in 51 countries around the world , with the largest populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states .
naas is a major town near dublin, with many people commuting to the city for work.
acanthopholis had oval plates on its skin and spikes on its neck and spine .
origin irmo was formed in 1890 when the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad was opened .
certain bills, such as those proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills, begin in the house of lords .
before vlad's release from captivity in 1474 , he and his wife lived in a house in hungary's capital city .
you can add a short phrase of up to five words to the front cover and up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light, which is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d'azur region .
macgruber attempts to defuse a bomb with everyday items but is usually stopped by something related to his personal life.
yvonne loriod finished the orchestration for the final movement of messiaen's piece with help from george benjamin.
karbala is a holy city for shi'a muslims , alongside mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of three thai governments , claiming they were proxies of thaksin shinawatra .
travelling in remote areas needs advance planning and a good four-wheel drive car .
he was the chief architect of the fisher building while working at kahn in 1928 .
he apologizes for having to go to rehearsal, then he and dr. schön depart .
britpop music was a 1990s style of guitar pop music that was inspired by the british pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
xi international brigade formed battalions out of these people.
fewer people use the sheppard subway line and so shorter trains are available .
the capacity of the stadium is 98,772 , being the largest in europe and the eleventh largest globally .
in 1967 , corrie ten boom was awarded the title 'righteous among the nations' by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are brief and lower quality .
there are 95 species of this plant .
eugowra is named after an aboriginal phrase meaning " where the sand goes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " for undergarments and " movie " for " film " are often used in english .
jurisdiction is based on international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and how governments decide to spend their resources .
he wrote several pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of sergipe state is aracaju .
farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in the style of kinesthetic film principles , developed by vorkapich .
mk sun was inspired to become a lawyer after meeting brandon waise lee .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a town located in the cabonne shire of new south wales , australia .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
people from california , europe and china were searching for gold along the peel river and in the mountains .
the slide rule was the main calculating tool used in science and engineering before pocket calculators were invented .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is thinner than its predecessor .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk .
the hall of fame has more defencemen than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different opinions on the subject have been suggested over time , but none were accepted by mainstream christian denominations .
the album was prohibited from being sold in many stores across the country .
the legs taper from the top to the ankle.
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations due to his discussions about switching to sirius satellite radio.
by 2005, wendy's had opened more canadian outlets than mcdonald's and their sales outpaced mcdonald's canada by 2002.
captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany , georgia who follows the fireman's code " never leave your partner behind " .
on 2 march 2008, he won the presidential election with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
this plant is a rare species that has survived for centuries .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist to be allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913, stravinsky thought of composing a ballet .
the government tried to stop the protests .
jacques offenbach was a very successful composer of operettas in the 1800s , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène .
tiles with the tang dynasty symbol were discovered near the city of xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french musician , composer , teacher , and organist .
the instrument was nearly uncontrollable .
santa maria maggiore is the oldest church in assisi .
radar observations show that the asteroid is mostly made up of iron and nickel.
railway gazette international is a magazine that provides news and information about railway, metro, light rail and tram systems around the world.
in 1988, he was honored as a companion of honour .
loèche holds a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering called onyx .
a matchbook is a small folder containing matches with a rough part on the outside for striking them .
she was an early pioneer in advocating against smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
She refused to give up the commune and challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
graystripe 's trilogy is a 3-volume original english-language manga series about his time away from thunderclan and his return in the sight.
many syrian immigrants had jobs as peddlers, which allowed them to have daily contact with americans.
he was known for his art prints, book covers, posters, and metal garden furniture.
she had a lot of health issues as a child , such as collapsed lungs , pneumonia , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for hollow-dependent species such as Leadbeater's Possum, since they require nest boxes.
the montreal canadiens are a canadian ice hockey team .
inductors can be made on integrated circuits alongside transistors .
gribble is a term used to refer to a specific species of wood-boring creature, limnoria lignorum , first described in norway by rathke in 1799.
a club can cause wounds called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
county services were conducted in duns or lauder until 1596 when greenlaw became the county town .
no figure skater has completed a quadruple axel jump in a competition .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with other military bases in the harbour.
people who enter a mosque without praying must still follow certain rules .
the animal is described as having a pointed face and being around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is judged on how much useful work it can do in a certain amount of time and resources .
the volga river has some of the largest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier represents the monasteries in the area .
human skin tones can range from dark brown to light pink .
yunus received help from shorebank in chicago to officially form the bank , with assistance from the ford foundation .
bremer stated that saddam should be put on trial , but there were no specific details about it yet .
hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the conclusion of the regular season .
afghanistan is bordered by tajikistan, turkmenistan, uzbekistan, iran, pakistan, and china.
bomis inc. established nupedia on march 9th, 2000 as a web portal company.
the key-dependent s-boxes and complex key schedule are notable features of the design .
iain grieve is a rugby union player who was born in jwaneng, botswana, and currently plays for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
two other towns near le mesnil-en-ouche are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
gell-mann and zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added to the column in 1938 39, and is decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin had its own postal service and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482 .
sydney is the capital and largest city in new south wales .
epoxy is the most common material for fiberglass , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name lives on as a brand for a related digital tv channel , radio station , and website .
when he was four-and-a-half, he had to survive alone in northern italy for the next four years, living in orphanages and moving between towns with other homeless kids.
stands were built around the goals in the 1980s and 1990s as part of modernizing the ground .
a town can still be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market, as long as it has the right to do so.
a fortification was built on the east side of the city .
on july 29, the battle of stiklestad was fought in norway and ended with the death of olav haraldsson.
some believe that tresca was killed by the soviet secret service to punish him for criticizing Stalin's government .
montenegro and serbia split apart, becoming independent countries .
be thoughtful when using html and css coding .
schuschnigg publicly denied the reports of riots .
addiscombe is a neighbourhood in croydon , england .
in some cases , a constituent can be a resident of an area governed or represented by a politician, especially if they voted for the politician.
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
sylvester stallone appeared in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew constructed a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to a " hovercraft " and filmed the scene on templin highway near santa clarita .
phelps et al published a book called "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory" in the year after the conference .
the wario land series is a platforming video game series that began with the game wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin composed a berceuse for solo piano , opus 57 .
the attacks may have been caused by psychological rather than physical factors .
a historian said that quinine's effectiveness enabled colonists to move into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa.
spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a rocky surface .
she was the chief editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters and empty plains , no moons and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are perfect for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull to live in.
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals took control in 1608 .
the lower house's support decides how long the prime minister stays in office .
rowling sees this scene as significant because harry shows bravery and compassion by bringing cedric's body back.
raf members andreas baader, jan-carl raspe, and holger meins were arrested after a gunfight in frankfurt on june 1, 1972.
two musicians joined forces to create a new music organization called new music manchester .
hurricane donna caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of up to 20 feet .
meher baba's tomb-shrine is located at the site , along with facilities for pilgrims .
the main church's dome has been fully restored .
meissner was the second american woman to land a triple axel jump in 2005 .
salem is a city in massachusetts , in the united states .
fifty-eight species of pipefish and seahorse have been discovered .
saint martin is an island in the caribbean, located east of puerto rico and is known for its tropical climate.
pdfs with images cannot be shared without further editing.
ben was arrested in april 1862 by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being involved in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
britain experienced heavy rainfall on october 5 which caused flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installation option to create a live usb , which allows the user to save their configuration and personal data .
the seats in the federal assembly were divided among the four parties : the free democratic party (FDP) had two members, the christian democratic people's party (CVP) had two members, the social democratic party (SP) had two members, and the swiss people's party (SVP) had one member.
a fee is money paid for services rendered or for a job done .
ohio state university has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's rule , but scotland was successful in defending itself against norse invaders and negotiated a good peace treaty .
the singles from the album were " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
minix became free and open source software in april 2000 , but by then other operating systems had advanced more than it , and it mainly was used by students and hobbyists .
the body of this animal is mostly light brown , and can sometimes have dark spots on its limbs .
the britannica was a scottish business , symbolised by the thistle logo which represents scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards, and then canceled after landfall on september 23.
in 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots had used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards in the early stages of the war .
these cards tell us about the movie, and help historians understand what it was like.
the lack of collateral in third world countries makes it hard to find financing for businesses and other ventures .
he escaped sydney cove many times until he was killed in 1796 .
ned and dan demanded the police at the camp to surrender .
the press criticized bill veeck's "midget-in-a-cake" promotion before the second game began .
joss whedon announced that "fray" will be returning in a video promoting the charity equality now.
marvel comics publishes stories about fictional characters called mutants .
the sat reasoning test is a college admissions exam used in the united states .
during the medieval period in northern italy , singing groups were formed to perform penitential songs known as geisslerlieder .
some reports suggest that certain things can make hallucinations and paralysis more likely .
he was sentenced to seven years of exile in australia .
waugh wrote that when charles first met sebastian, he found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden" - a metaphor that is used throughout the work.
empress alexandra's relationship with grigori rasputin was a major part of her life .
the term "dorsal" refers to body parts on the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " when he noticed that proteins had the same molecular formula and seemed to be made of one very large molecule .
the gang hid for over a year after the jerilderie raid to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a city in calvados department, northwestern france .
its color can vary from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 , the subway line was extended from union station , curving around university avenue and queen's park before ending at st. george and bloor streets .
the commonwealth railways had a railway line running along the western side of the simpson desert until 1980 .
the town of ruby is on a long path through the mountains to the city of unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy may be at risk of abnormal heart rhythms or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region covers a wide landscape , from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google posted the comic on google books, their website, and their official blog , with an explanation for the early release .
all pedigree documents must be thoroughly checked before they can be officially registered with the college.
political economy was published in 1985 , but not widely used in classrooms .
he performed with the ipo in the soviet union in 1990 and again in 1994 with concerts in china and india .
the napoleonic wars saw a major victory for napoleon at the battle of ulm , where austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon, resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the austrians.
kano is an important economic city in northern nigeria , known for its groundnut production and exports.
most residents of southern india speak one of the five dravidian languages : kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .
meteora was a critically acclaimed album that won many awards.
the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho after a short confrontation .
richard and robert sherman composed most of the songs .
slavic people began moving into the area in the 5th century .
between 1900 and 1920, the university added new buildings for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, hospitals, libraries, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in illinois , in the united states .
arzashkun is an assyrian name derived from an armenian name, arzash, which is similar to the name that the ancients used to refer to a part of lake van, arsene or arsissa.
out of 16,421 people , she was selected as one of the 15 finalists for the tv show .
the abc network aired episodes of the show from 1993 to 2005 .
the other device can be designed to use in more relaxed conditions .
gimnasia hired two famous colombian coaches , francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but neither achieved great success .
brighton is a city in iowa , in the united states .
she was in many music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde was granted town status on june 24 1979 , which was its 750th anniversary .
pauline appeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, but she is now known as "mario's friend".
the vagina is able to expand many times its regular size during childbirth .
it's not known exactly when he was born , but it is estimated to have been between 1935 and 1939 .
the quantitative measure of a substance's ability to inhibit a certain enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism is called the half-inhibition value.
the bernese alps are a mountain range located in multiple cantons of switzerland, including bern, valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg, and vaud.
power had a daughter with ann e power and she was baptized as mary ann fisher power .
edward gorey said that maria bawden was a great artist , but not many people remembered her .
the string can vibrate in different ways , creating different particles such as electrons , photons , and gluons .
gable was nominated for an academy award for his role in the 1935 film 'mutiny on the bounty' .
