The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the Northern Rizeigat region, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. All able-bodied Muslims must visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, "Saturday", tells the story of a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, pulled on a black cord that was attached to a ball and quickly crawled away to the east.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The people of the Torres Strait Islands are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000, since 2000.
The dancers follow the drummers. They usually play the sogo, a small drum that produces a quiet sound, and they often perform acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft is made up of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe. They are both named after astronomers.
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is a former Italian footballer.
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham studied at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and received a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is similar to the freedom party, but it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty and against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was honored with induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
It is very difficult to get accepted into Tsinghua.
Today, nrc is a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "sportsman of the year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol's birthday is on Monday, so Thailand is decorated with yellow on that day.
Both names were merged into the National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 during the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero and Chyna. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband went back to France in 1927 after staying in the United States.
Despina was found in late July 1989 using the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and increasing awareness of interaction design.
It is possible that the editors, administrator, and those they've never met in person are conspiring against someone from a different part of the world.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are an island chain off the Scottish mainland. They are separated from the Inner Hebrides by the waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the iau, is responsible for formal minor planet designations which are number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased on September 30, and the storm started to weaken.
Each entry stores a copy of the data from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque, even if the mosque does not enforce violations.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups like in previous assessment reports.
hélène langevin-joliot is their granddaughter and she is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris. Their grandson pierre joliot, named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp was used for letters during the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a parasitic protozoan that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Cameron has taken part in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films "Left Behind: The Movie", "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force," and "Left Behind: World at War", in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River, and was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory. He was later appointed as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is described in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his drinking and bad behavior.
So far, celebrities who have appeared on the show include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band's website announced the official release date of The Resistance.
He is also part of another jungiery boyband called 183 club.
Hippolytus' apostolic tradition says that early Christian agape feasts sang Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain.
In return, Rollo pledged loyalty to Charles, accepted Christianity, and promised to protect the northern region of France from Viking invasions.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
Fortuna was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
The bohemian switzerland extends into the Czech Republic.
Consumers get confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They castrate the animal to make it more docile or to help it gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have powerful magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and have great power.
Passmark Software benchmarked the 2009 version and found that it had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB of memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it was discovered that itch and pain have similarities, but also differences.
The tongue is sticky because of mucous which contains glycoproteins. This mucous helps the tongue catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during earlier trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of France.
If land use controls are not in place, buildings can be constructed along a bypass and it can become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
Cooktown is a great place to start exploring cape york peninsula, the atherton tableland, and beyond.
Bruises can be painful but usually aren't dangerous.
No one from Wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information found on their website.
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
Only chitin is tougher than them as a biological material.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, while his bigger woodcuts were usually commissioned work.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The heavy continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to increase the oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is the state of being able to read but choosing not to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will come off and sink back to the river bed to digest food and wait for its next meal.
Research has also revealed that children are less likely to tell about a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, landis' father is a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing that the grounds were haunted, Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont published their findings in a book called An Adventure in 1911, using pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused mostly on teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was placed under the control of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation more than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
Pete and Dud have foul-mouthed characters in the movie.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, with one first-place vote.
Shade's actions set the main plot of the novel in motion. He breaks the law, leading to the destruction of his colony's home and forcing them to migrate prematurely, separating Shade from them.
the female version is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
They play speed chess, with each competitor having twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were accused of mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage affected the Atlantic coastline and reached as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are often compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press updates its stylebook every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. They were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are usually subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
During the Soviet era, two of Rostov's main landmarks were destroyed: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (built in 1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (built between 1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the process of generating electricity and useful heat at the same time.
Sometimes, the male "den master" will permit a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a type of code that can be added to your wikipedia page by checking a box in your preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She stayed behind when the other nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and the reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He served as an organist there from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and first said he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to value the language and its culture for themselves, regardless of its adoption by international organizations.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945. She was the companion and, for a short time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Every version of the license has a unique version number.
Most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but they have to set a nickname to connect.
In that year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color to adapt to their environment, such as ermine and snowshoe hare, or quickly with chromatophores, like in the cephalopod family.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
This follows the unix philosophy of having programs do one thing well and working together through universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He came from a musical family.
Mennonites are found in many countries, including Canada, Congo, and the United States.
naas is a big town near Dublin. Many people live in naas and work in Dublin.
acanthopholis had oval plates in its armour, and spikes on its neck and shoulders, along its spine.
Origin Irmo was formed on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the Law Commission and Consolidation Bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a five-word passage to the front cover and a 25-word passage to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because blue light scatters more efficiently than red light, which is the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département of southern France, part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished Messiaen's orchestration for the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims regard Karbala as one of their most sacred cities, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded that the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat resign, as the pad accused them of being Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
In 1928, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building while at Kahn.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was known for bands imitating british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
These soldiers joined battalions that were forming for xi international brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, the State of Israel honored ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English speakers often use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government. It is used to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as "The Death of Minnehaha," "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha," and "Hiawatha's Departure."
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years despite this.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles, which vorkapich taught.
MK Sun was inspired by lawyer Brandon Waise Lee, and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in central west New South Wales, Australia. It is in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China searched for gold along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator came out, the slide rule was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, which is more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Different opinions about the subject have been suggested over the years, but none have been accepted by mainstream Christian groups.
Many record stores across the country banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman stopped playing Howard Stern's radio show on four Citadel stations due to his talks about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
In 2005, Wendy's confirmed that they would open twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's by March. By 2002, their system-wide sales had surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is known as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed all over the country.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were discovered near the ancient city of Chang ' an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. She lived from February 13, 1921 to November 11, 1968.
Most people said the instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that it has a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries around the world.
He was given the title of Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche houses the facilities of Onyx, the Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system.
A matchbook is a folder that contains matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume English-language manga series about his time away from ThunderClan in Dawn.
Syrians did not live in cities; many of the immigrants who were peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was well-known for his prints, book covers, posters and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood, she experienced collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving species like Leadbeater's Possum that depend on hollows.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits.
Rathke first assigned the term 'gribble' to a wood-boring species from Norway, Limnoria lignorum, in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow rules.
it is said to have a pointed face and be the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work done compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a Community Development Bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus in officially incorporating the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced that Saddam would be put on trial, but the details had not been decided.
At the end of the regular season, the professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan surround Afghanistan on the north, Iran on the west, Pakistan on the south and the People's Republic of China on the east.
Bomis, Inc., a web portal company, established nupedia on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added to the column in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands. It was then moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990. It was separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can be used too.
The name of the magazine is still used for a related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he had to care for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He stayed in various orphanages and traveled with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
A town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Some people have suggested that the NKVD removed Tresca as punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only if necessary.
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean a citizen living in the area served by a politician, sometimes referring to citizens who voted for the politician.
Prunk is part of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the following year. The book is titled "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" and was written by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming game series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been mental instead of physical.
A historian claimed that quinine's effectiveness enabled colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Studies using spectroscopy have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates on its surface, suggesting it is made of stone.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon. It is full of craters, has no moons or atmosphere, and has smooth plains.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley, between Baden and Zürich.
these areas are ideal for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull habitats.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office if they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important for Rowling because it displays Harry's bravery and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins, were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group that supports contemporary music.
The strong hurricane caused great damage in the upper Florida Keys due to a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is located there, as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the main church's collapsed dome has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner was the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs can not be shared without changing them if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a usb installer that can create a live usb. This allows the user to save their configuration and personal data if they wish.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strength in the federal assembly. The Free Democratic Party (FDP) had 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) had 2 members, the Social Democratic Party (SP) had 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) had 1 member.
A fee is a price paid for services. It is usually given to doctors, lawyers, consultants, or other professionals.
Ohio State has a library system with twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland fought off a Norse invasion and negotiated a favorable peace agreement.
The album had five singles, "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software. However, other operating systems had already surpassed it, so it mainly stayed an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of this animal can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white and sometimes has dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish venture, as highlighted by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after it made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders admitted to using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the start of combat.
Intertitles provide audiences with information, and help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He tried to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
Before the second game started, the press believed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance did not meet Veeck's usual promotional standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a short video promoting charity equality now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of character in Marvel Comics comic books.
The SAT (formerly Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test) is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that different factors can increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian and found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden", as Waugh describes.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was significant in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of one type of very big molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France. It is located in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region.
The color of the item ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added to the railway. It curved north from Union Station and ended at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the area and includes mountains, plains, and many landscapes.
Google put the comic on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
People can register a pedigree with the college, and it must pass an internal audit and have official proofs before it can be changed.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union, performing in Moscow and Leningrad. He also toured with them again in 1994 in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars. This resulted in Napoleon taking over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losing side.
Kano has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria for a long time, and it produces and exports groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry fought Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were constructed on campus, including for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name "arzashkun" likely comes from an Armenian name ending in "-ka" and is related to the names "Arsene" and "Arsissa" used to refer to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants in the national casting to be one of the 15 candidates on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither achieved much success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She also starred in several music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde became a town on its 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in 1994 in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His exact date of birth is unknown, but it is estimated to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of an inhibitor is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, but some parts are in other cantons such as Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
In Ireland, he fathered a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power with Ann E Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and he was sad that few people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate like a guitar string and produce different particles such as electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie Mutiny on the Bounty.
