one side of the armed conflicts is mainly composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, then crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
they are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
the drummers are followed by dancers , who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft includes the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe , both named after famous astronomers .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942  and is an italian former football player .
it was originally believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party , as they are in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very hard.
today nrc is organized as an independent , private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for instance , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names were discontinued in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series , which aired on PBS.
perry saturn  with terri  defeated eddie guerrero  with chyna  to win the wwf european championship  8:10  saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband went back to France .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also finished two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images showed ophelia as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a true louse.
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they ' ve never met.
working group i evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie orton , on July 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations managed by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
on september 30 , wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken.
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
thus , both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these guidelines , even if the mosque does not enforce them .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like past assessment reports , it has four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a renowned biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and a lot were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion called the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
besides this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
After graduation , he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory , then becoming the artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and luke.
weelkes later got in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and wild behavior.
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to hippolytus , shows that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in graubünden , switzerland .
it goes on as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the topic of many reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  special magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in italy.
historically , itch and pain were not seen as separate until recently , when it was discovered that itch has some similarities with pain , but also some differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which stick to it.
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance.
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in france .
if there are no land use controls , buildings can be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who eventually became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and their vision is bad.
they are rivaled in toughness by chitin only.
oregano is essential in greek cuisine.
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
he produced and published his works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method uses techniques and guidelines to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
the heavy weight of the continental icecap sitting on lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug .
it will then dislodge itself and sink to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about.
today , landis ' father is a big fan of his son and supports him.
after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage rate.
they believed the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused mainly on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was under the control of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and then in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
the current band lineup consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the greater Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
the characters are sweary versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , with a single first-place vote making the difference.
shade breaks the law , which leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
the form of chess played is speed chess and each competitor has twelve minutes for the game.
the amazon basin is the area of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
the owner is usually unaware , so these computers are compared to zombies .
the wave crossed the atlantic , and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly.
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , probably written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
the clouds on neptune are made of frozen methane , not ice like the clouds on earth.
their involvement is restricted until they become legal adults .
development stable releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  during the soviet years .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 showed this .
cogeneration  combines heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will let another male into the den ; the reason is unclear .
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
she was left behind  reasons for this vary  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially said he might not accept it.
later , esperanto speakers began to view the language and the culture that had grown up around it as valuable , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone, eroding most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the long-term companion and , briefly , wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a distinguishing version number.
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
he also received a mechanics certificate that same year , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe that will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color when their environment changes , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in communities in 51 countries on six continents or scattered throughout those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armor had oval plates set almost horizontally in the skin , with spikes on the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
before his release in 1474 , vlad stayed with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital while getting ready for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue due to more efficient scattering of blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern France , in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something involving his personal life and runs out of time .
this was almost done when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod finished the last movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , traveling through remote areas on isolated tracks needs advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with dr. schön.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions formed for xi international brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest globally .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored by the state of Israel as one of the righteous among the nations.
some articles are long and full of content while others are shorter and lower quality .
around 95 species are accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in English .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , including the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju.
farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost a decade.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee , inspired mk sun to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
prospectors from california , europe and china were also mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , the slide rule was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and an overall thickness of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been suggested through the centuries  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian groups .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
in late 2004 , suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's canadian operations as of 2002.
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is a living fossil.
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests were suppressed.
offenbach's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french musician , composer , and pedagogue .
most people found the instrument hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry globally.
he was given the companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche has the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and having a coarse striking surface on the outside.
she opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly , she vowed to never give up the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not gather in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture for gardens .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada.
small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that make transistors.
the term gribble was originally assigned to wood-boring species , especially the first species from norway described by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's management was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition yet.
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
however , even people who enter a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules .
it is described as pointed in the face and rabbit-sized.
computer performance is determined by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are on the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said plans to put saddam on trial were made , but the details of such a trial were not yet decided .
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan , iran , pakistan and china .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February , 1987 in Jwaneng , Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal system , apart from west germany 's , and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital.
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can also be used .
the name remains as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlived the end of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground started to be modernized .
a town can be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , as long as the right still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway on july 29th.
some have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only with good purpose .
schuschnigg quickly responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , England.
sometimes constituent means a citizen living in the area served by a politician , and this can be limited to citizens who voted for the politician.
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series .
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for piano.
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists new chances to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
spectroscopic studies have also shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it is filled with craters , has no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these ideally provide great habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
The prime minister stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery , and by getting cedric's corpse , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities for pilgrims.
the dome of the main church has been restored completely.
in 2005 , meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km away from puerto rico .
so , these pdfs can not be shared without further manipulation if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery while with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily across parts of Britain on October 5 , causing localized flooding.
version 2009.1 gives a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be stored if wanted .
the seats were distributed according to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly : fdp  : 2 members , cvp  : 2 members , sp  : 2 members , and svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the payment for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland repulsed a norse invasion and made a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it stayed mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to golden to beige-white ; and sometimes , is marked with dark brown spots , mainly on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of Scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of battle .
the latter gave audiences the sort of information later given by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial growth.
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being shot in 1796 .
ned and dan moved to the police camp and demanded surrender.
before the second game started , the press said the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was not up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not finished , fray is returning .
a mutant is a character that appears in marvel comics.
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states.
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was to be sent to australia for seven years.
waugh states that charles was " looking for love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that influences the work in many ways .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to parts that are either on or grow from the backside of an animal .
the word " protein " was created by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in france .
color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
Before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
it was the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , and included the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , and it must pass an internal audit and have official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had limited classroom use .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 , performing in the soviet union , china and india.
mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , granting napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties for the losers.
it has always been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for groundnuts production and export.
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
after a short stand-off , the wwf army attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by the sherman brothers .
in the 5th century slavs began moving into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa.
Name Arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash , which reminds one of the name Arsene , Arsissa , used by the ancients for part of Lake Van.
she was chosen out of 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired the famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
she also appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde got its town charter to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , though the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very elastic and can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a biological process  or part of a process by half .
the name suggests they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , but parts of the bernese alps are in other cantons.
he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .