one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later , on january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award , which has a value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo , a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 in Italy .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many different species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Tsinghua University is extremely competitive for admission .
today the nrc is organized as an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
five is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand , things will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
Notwithstanding this, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 , in one of his great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late July , 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly stories .
at the Voyager 2 images , ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
iridescent shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes in architectural decoration .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , part of the iau .
on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum , a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques have rules against violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who is named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and a vast quantity were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with giardia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , including the post-Rapture films Left Behind : The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after getting his degree, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke , specifically .
wellesley was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , says that early christian agape feasts should include singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for this, roilo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is based on the voice of america voa  special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it is still known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  that are specific magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and used 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps to move in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the tram that derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials was the same one.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a good place to start if you want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain , but they are not normally dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george i of great britain , who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a key ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned work .
the historical method is made up of the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , there were 89,148 people living in this city .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read , but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will eat its food and then sink back down to the river bed in order to digest it .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and/or care about .
today , landis ' father is a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain kind of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , devoting himself chiefly to teaching practicality .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to occupy the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then it became part of the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of heat , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are the foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disobeys that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
before the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is often unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john , probably written between AD 65 and 100 . See also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the end of the 19th century , eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the shirt also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane , unlike the clouds on Earth , which are composed of crystals of ice .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are often stable snapshots which are usable .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , which was ‘ the city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey
cogeneration combines heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and heat .
on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; it is unclear why .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt two times between 1945 and 1946 and again between 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind , with explanations for this varying . When the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , she was among them .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 , where he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone slowly eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12th.
calvin baker is an American novelist .
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
he is usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , and he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument , the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother is an administrative assistant and singer , and his father is a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major city in " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis's armor consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into his skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
Conversely , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the House of Lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
You are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red , this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something else usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites believe karbala is one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
in order to travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , you usually need advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british indie music scene of the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this became absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and in-depth while others are shorter and may be less quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted as part of the taxonomy .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand falls down the hill " .
terms like " underwear " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia .
donaldson enlisted in the australian military on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from California , Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacteria fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defensemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the feet .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany , Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestration slavinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were stopped .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , like orpheus in the underworld , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an ( modern-day Xi'an ) .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue on February 13, 1921 until her death on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts , the instrument was very difficult to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .
the composition of the metal seems to be fairly pure iron-nickel
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , and light rail industries worldwide .
he was appointed a companion of honour in 1988
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a matchcover enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe 's trilogy follows oel manga series graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , she had a ruptured appendix , and she had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the gribble term was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as a pointed object and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done by the computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but didn't say what the details of such a trial would be .
the representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , Inc ., a web portal company .
the key schedule is key-dependent and highly complex .
iain grieve was born on February 19th , 1987 in jwaneng , Botswana . He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , circa 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad , and was killed in the process .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only if there is a good reason for it .
schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Sylvester Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there is evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests that the surface composition is rather stony .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites , and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats provide excellent homes for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery , and by retrieving cedric 's body , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , which is committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine , as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored almost entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in massachusetts , United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers 186 miles east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in April 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so that the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party (fdp) : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party (cvp) : 2 members , social democratic party (sp) : 2 members , and swiss people 's party (svp) : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body is usually a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white color ; and occasionally , it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as is symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 covered an area southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter showed audiences the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity, equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " in those days when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the dorsal side refers to anatomical structures that are either situated or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months , avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , stretching north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website , mentioning it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully reviewed and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but it was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
napoleon's wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , taking away many thousands of prisoners and inflicting tens of thousands of casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his brother robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is in scott county , in illinois , United States .
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka , formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
it had episodes broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the later device can be designed and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but then julio césar falcioni had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in iowa , United States.
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Norway, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later appeared in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth is between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process, for example an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some parts of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
