one side of the armed conflicts consists mainly of sudanese military forces and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group mostly made up of afro-arab abbala tribes from the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which all able-bodied muslims must go to at least once in their life .
the great dark spot is believed to be a gap in the methane clouds on neptune .
his next book , saturday , shares a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord , attached it to the ball , and quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord strongly .
six weeks later , he died on 13 january 888 .
they share a similar culture to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also gotten the colin mears award worth £ 5000.
then the dancers follow , who often play the sogo  a small drum that makes very little sound  and have more complex moves .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician , and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is a former italian football player .
it was believed that the dirt thrown up by the crash filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and earned a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party as it is for a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by 1900 due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was chosen for the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting accepted to tsinghua is very difficult .
today nrc is a private, independent foundation .
it is located at the baltic sea coast , surrounding the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british sport thought to have come from a similar source as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so his birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations all over thailand .
in 2007 , both names were combined into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore copied various styles , like craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union .
she sang for president reagan in the 1988 's great performances at the white house tv show , which was broadcast on PBS .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship after saturn pinned eddie guerrero with a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the US until 1927 , then went back to France with her husband .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from pictures taken by the voyager 2 mission .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 in brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories , the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
certain towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use official western australian time from the south australian border up to caiguna .
pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays in architecture to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
scared that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank begs ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he encourages using a user-focused design process in product creation and also strives to make interaction design a common subject .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone from a different place they have never met .
working group i looks at the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the mainland of scotland and from the inner hebrides by the rough seas of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations controlled by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
by early september 30 , wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a version of the datum stored in a database .
therefore , both men and women must follow these rules when going to a mosque , even if it is not enforced .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  plays rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like before , this assessment report has four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp was used for all letters during victoria's reign and many were produced .
the international fight league was an american mma organization and was known as the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron also works in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river , sometimes known as " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was made artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts in matthew and luke .
weelkes was later reprimanded by chichester cathedral for his excessive drinking and bad behavior .
so far , famous people featured on the show include vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 when orbiting jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio program , presented by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband , 183 Club.
the apostolic tradition states that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , became a christian , and promised to protect the northern area of france from viking invasions .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an area in graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
various reports have addressed the ethical issues concerning the incident .
they are castrated to make the animal calmer and help it gain weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special talents , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
passmark software found that the 2009 version installed in 52 seconds , scanned in 32 seconds , and used 7 mb of memory .
volterra is a city located in the tuscany region of italy .
in the past , itch and pain were not thought to be different , but recently it was discovered that itch has some similarities to pain but there are also differences .
the tongue is sticky due to the mucous that is full of glycoprotein, which makes it easy for the tongue to move and capture ants and termites that stick to it.
the same tram had crashed at starr gate loop while it was being tested before on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, who were both past ipswich town and england managers, are outside the ground.
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers offered food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band show for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe area of northwestern france .
without strong land use controls , buildings can be built along a bypass , making it as crowded as regular town roads , which it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people that want to discover cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
no one associated with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the info in or linked from these webpages .
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small and they have poor vision .
they are only second to chitin in terms of strength among biological materials .
oregano is a must-have in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he created and published his own works , while his larger woodcuts were usually commissioned work .
historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history with the help of the historical method .
the heavy weight of the ice sheet on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen level .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  also spelled alliteracy  is being able to read but having no interest in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used in medicine .
it will then move away and retreat back to the river bottom to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , studies have shown kids are less likely to tell about a crime if it includes someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 , the hurricane's outer convection became disorganized .
the balance price for a particular labor is the wage .
thinking the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their research in a book  an adventure  1911  under the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused mostly on teaching .
brunstad has many fast food places , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered area .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia and was ruled by the church , and then in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection , and then it caused floods and heavy rains in brazil before it disappeared the next day .
the new york city housing authority police department existed from 1952 to 1995 and enforced laws in the city .
the current members of the band are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the middle east to use mosques for civic activities .
their characters pete and dud are now speaking with foul language .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state.
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes , with a single first-place vote .
shade breaks the law , which leads to the destruction of his colony's home and forces them to move earlier than expected , separating him from them .
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with an incurable stomach cancer .
before the storm came , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess , where each player has 12 minutes to complete the game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america drained by the amazon river and its branches .
the two ex-presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
considerable to extreme damage went up the atlantic shore and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are figuratively called zombies .
the wave passed across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression near the north coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the late 1800s, eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making industry .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the old district oberbarnim .
unlike clouds on earth , neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
they can't fully participate until they become adults .
development stable releases are rare , but often there are subversion snapshots that are stable enough to be used .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's famous buildings - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on 29 may , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in san benito d ' alcantara church .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , or CHP  is when a heat engine or power station creates both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let another male into the den , but the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css code that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia settings .
here are some helpful links to help your participation .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left when the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland , and the reasons for this vary .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to be given his award and at first said he might not take it .
later , esperanto speakers believed the language and the culture that formed around it were good in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other organizations .
dry air around the south side of the cyclone weakened the deep convection by september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the USA.
eva anna paula braun  born 6 february 1912 , died 30 april 1945  was adolf hitler's long-time companion and wife .
every version of the license has a unique version number .
irc servers do not usually need users to register an account but they must choose a nickname before they can join .
in that year he was also given a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming wrestling event from world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern star .
some animals can change color in different environments , either with the seasons  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores  the cephalopod family  .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis beat rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix idea of having many programs that each do one thing well and they all work together through universal interfaces .
his family had a background in music ; his mom , larue , was a singer and administrative assistant and his dad , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the greatest numbers of mennonites are located in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in smaller groups in over 51 countries across six continents or living among the general population.
naas is a significant town near dublin , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin along with spikes on its neck and shoulders, and down its spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 when the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad opened .
on the other hand , bills suggested by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad stayed in a house in the hungarian capital with his new wife while he planned to retake wallachia .
you can add a short phrase of up to five words to the front cover, and a phrase of up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered better than red  just like the blue sky and red sunsets  .
monteux is a town in the vaucluse region of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur area .
macgruber attempts to build something to defuse the bomb , but he is distracted by something related to his life and does not finish in time .
yvonne loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with help from george benjamin when messiaen passed away .
shi ' a muslims see karbala as one of their most holy cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat resign , whom they accused of being thaksin's representatives .
however traveling to far away places , on remote roads , needs careful planning and a good , dependable car , usually a 4x4 .
while at kahn , he was the lead architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and says he has to go to practice , and he and dr. schön exit .
britpop started from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was identified by bands influenced by british pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
these troops were added to battalions set up for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines and uses shorter trains .
it can hold up to 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was given the title of "Righteous Among the Nations" by the state of Israel .
some articles are long and contain a lot of information while others are short and not as detailed .
95 species are accepted now .
eugowra is said to be named after an aboriginal term meaning " the place where sand slides down the hill ".
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law , and the abilities of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to support the citizens of their country .
he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  with a population of .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles taught by vorkapich .
brandon  waise lee  was mk sun's idol , and he grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic town close to cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were searching the peel river and nearby mountains .
before pocket calculators existed , the slide rule was the most popular tool used for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech reading , and a thinner design of 0.36 inches .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacteria fermenting milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , which is the most of any current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been chosen .
different opinions on the topic have been suggested throughout the years  see below  , yet all were declined by main christian groups .
the record was not allowed in many stores across the country .
the legs are wider at the top and narrower at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern's show from four citadel stations due to his discussions about his switch to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened more canadian stores than mcdonald's and their system-wide sales were higher than mcdonald's canadian operations by 2002.
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany, georgia and follows the firefighter rule of never leaving a partner behind .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests were stopped throughout the country .
offenbach 's operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been discovered near the old city of chang ' an  now xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux , born 13 february , 1921 , was a french organist , pianist , composer and teacher .
most people said that the instrument was difficult to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the first known church in assisi .
radar observations show the asteroid has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about railways , metros , light rails and trams around the world .
in 1988 he was given the title companion of honour  ch .
loèche has the facilities of onyx , the swiss system for gathering electronic intelligence .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough surface outside for striking .
she opposed cigarette smoking near children and drug use by pregnant women .
defiantly , she swore never to give up the commune and challenged the judges to give her the death penalty .
oel manga series graystripe's trilogy is a three volume english manga series about graystripe, from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not stay in cities ; many of the immigrants who sold products were able to talk with americans daily .
he was known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .
during childhood she had two collapsed lungs , pneumonia 4-5 times yearly , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  claims that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not protecting species like leadbeater 's possum that depend on hollows .
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team located in montreal , canada .
small inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same methods as transistors are made .
the term gribble was applied to wood-boring species , especially limnoria lignorum which was first observed in norway by rathke in 1799 .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county's operations were done in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to call any military sites on the harbor .
however , even those who go inside a mosque without praying still need to follow certain rules .
it is described as having a pointed face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work is done compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the area .
human skin colors can vary from dark brown to very light pink .
bankers from shorebank in chicago aided yunus with the official formation of the bank using a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam should be put on trial , but the specifics had not been decided .
hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south , and china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
important parts of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule .
iain grieve was born 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana and plays rugby union as a back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other places close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring has golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current spot .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , and released its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli from 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but other polymers , like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can also be used .
the name is still used for a related digital tv , radio station , and website which are still running after the end of the magazine .
when he was 4.5 years old , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for 4 years , living in different orphanages and roaming around towns with other homeless kids .
in the 1980s and 1990s , stands were built behind each set of goals to modernize the ground .
a town can be called a market town even if it doesn't have a market anymore, as long as it still has the right to hold one .
a fortress was built later on the east side .
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway, losing to his pagan vassals.
some have speculated that tresca was killed by the nkvd for speaking out against the stalin government of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become separate countries .
use html and css sparingly and only for a good purpose .
schuschnigg quickly stated that rumors of riots were untrue .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the situation , another related meaning of constituent is a person living in the area run by a politician ; this could be limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a small role in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with an arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while traveling on templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were printed the following year in a book called 'microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory' by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming game series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin created opus 57 , a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks could have been caused by mental issues instead of physical ones .
a historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have revealed signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a rocky surface .
she became the head editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is filled with craters and flat areas , has no moons and no substantial atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats are perfect for chinkara , hog deer , and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister continues in office only if the lower house supports them .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it displays harry's courage , and by getting cedric's body , he shows kindness and sympathy .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they joined together to create new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the strong and powerful hurricane caused great destruction in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the place of meher baba's tomb-shrine and has facilities and places to stay for pilgrims .
the main church's collapsed dome has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in a national contest .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
thus , these pdfs can not be shared without additional changes if they have pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in a robbery while with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on october 5 in parts of britain , resulting in flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb , so the user can save their settings and data if they want .
based on the parties' respective power in the federal assembly , the seats were divided as follows : fdp  2 , cvp  2 , sp  2 , and svp  1 .
a fee is the cost of services, especially the payment to a professional such as a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or expert.
ohio state 's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
meanwhile , iceland and greenland chose norway as their ruler , but scotland fought off a norse attack and negotiated a good peace agreement .
the songs from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix was made free / open source software with a flexible free software license , but by then other operating systems had become more advanced , and it stayed mainly a system for students and hobbyists .
the body color is usually medium brown to golden-beige to white-beige ; and sometimes, it is spotted with dark brown spots , especially on the legs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , which is the flower symbol of scotland .
the warning put out on september 22 was broadened southwards as jose grew stronger , before being taken away soon after it touched land on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marines and commanders admitted to using mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards in the first battles .
the latter gave viewers the data that intertitles provide now , and can help historians imagine what the movie might have been like .
this is because assets in underground economies of third world countries can't be used as security to get money to grow industrial and commercial businesses .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to give up .
before the second game started , the press said veeck's " midget-in-a-cake " show was not up to his usual promotion standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray will return .
mutants are characters found in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a test taken by students in the us to get into college .
unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical style of geisslerlieder, songs sung by groups of people who flogged themselves.
some reports show that several things can make paralysis and hallucinations more likely .
his punishment was to be sent to australia for seven years .
waugh says that charles was looking for love when he first saw sebastian and found " a low door in the wall ... which opened to a secret garden " , a metaphor that has many meanings in the book .
her famous connection with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was a major part of her life .
the term dorsal refers to structure on the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of one big molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town located in calvados, France .
the color is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension of the line was added , starting from union station and going north , past university avenue and queen 's park , before turning west and ending at bloor and st. george streets .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian route went through the western part of the simpson desert .
it sits on an old portage trail that goes west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy may experience arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica's biggest sub-region , it covers a wide range of areas , from the mountains of the sierra madre to the dry plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their books and website and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early launch .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , and it must pass an internal audit and need official documents before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but was not used much in classrooms .
in 1990 , he toured with the ipo in the soviet union and in 1994 he toured with the ipo in china and india .
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrenders his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the austrian side .
kano has been a financial hub of northern nigeria , and a major place for growing and shipping groundnuts .
many south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and recognition .
after a short pause , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the region .
between 1900 and 1920, several new buildings were made on campus, such as for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, sciences, hill auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two dorms.
winchester is a city located in scott county , illinois .
name arzashkun is likely an assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka, which is based on the name arzash, similar to arsene and arsissa which were used by the ancients to describe part of lake van.
out of 16,421 people , she was one of the 15 chosen to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be built and used in less strict surroundings .
gimnasia hired two famous colombian coaches , francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she was featured in music videos like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979  glinde became a town on its 750th anniversary .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now called " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand to a larger size during childbirth .
the exact date of his birth is unknown , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this number tells how much of a drug or substance is needed to reduce a biological process , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism , by half .
although it appears to be located in bern , parts of the bernese alps are in other cantons such as valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
in that place , he had one daughter who was later named mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can create different vibrations like a guitar string can make different notes , and each vibration looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award for his performance in the 1935 movie, 'mutiny on the bounty' .
