Hi, everyone.
This is actor advocate Andy Arias.
Happy ADA 30!
I would like to take a quick second to give a shout out to disabilityunite.org.
Thank you for putting on an amazing event.
I would like to thank Corey and Elizabeth for inviting me to do this.
It's almost November, which means it's time to go out and vote.
Now, more than ever, your choices and your voices matter.
Your voice needs to be heard in November no matter which side of the political spectrum you are on.
Check to see where your polling place is.
Know that there are absentee ballot options available, and that there may be other options available depending on what situation we find ourselves in.
We are the largest population. It is time that we are equal in our voices and in our choices.
Please go out and vote in November.
Do you think I would be noticed if I didn't speak up?
4 Wheel City is hosting The Movement.
This is a course to refresh you.
Right, we all travel in separate vehicles.
There are cars, trucks, bicycles, wheelchairs, motorized wheelchairs, canes, crutches.
Be aware, and please make an adjustment so that we can all get to where we're going.
This is a unique time and space.
So 4 Wheel City wants to say thank you.
4 Wheel City is a place.
Thank you so much for spending the evening with us.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin. I told you that before.
I am an ally of disabled people.
We all breathe the same air.
We all share the same space.
And as Maya Angelou said, we have more in common than we realize.
Have a great summer.
Be safe.
We love you.
Thank you for joining us.
See you later.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I'm happy to be here with you this evening.
We've all been waiting for this moment.
It is a powerfully titled moment "It Just Had to be Said".
And all of the artists in this next segment just let you know what needs to be said in protest of 2020, the US, the we, the they, the fear, the outrage, the defiance, all of us, you and I, redefining our identities.
These next few artists will tell you just like it is.
I want to tell you a little bit about myself.
Again, my name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin. I am a performance spoken-word artist.
This is the title of my piece. It was written and performed by me.
It is a memorial for the heroes and sheroes that are no longer with us. They are gone from our dinner tables, from our neighborhoods, and from our lives.
Global Libations is a book about cocktails.
Zazel O'Garra is a force to be reckoned with.
She is a powerful force in the artistic industry.
She never stops moving. Nothing can pull her back.
Nothing can keep Zazel down.
She is explosive.
Her dancers defy gravity.
They move through space and time easily.
They can never stop.
They have an indefatigable determination.
In "We the People", choreographed by Wendy Powell, you'll get a chance to see what I'm talking about.
Put your hands up.
Get ready.
ZCO Dance Project is live right now.
GO, ZCO.
Hi, Andrea.
Welcome to Disability Night! This is a platform for people with disabilities.
Thank you for coming today.
We're very pleased to have you.
You're known as the seated nurse.
Could you give us a little bit of a back story about yourself and your disability?
Yes, I am the seated nurse.
I am the first registered nurse in New York City to graduate out of nursing school and be a wheelchair user at the same time. My little backstory is that I have transverse myelitis.
I was diagnosed when I was five and I stopped walking when I was twelve.
Wow.
You are very gifted and talented.
I've known you for a long time.
You were Miss Wheelchair New York.
What made you want to become a nurse?
- I wasn't always interested in being a nurse.
We had spoken about representation a long time ago.
And I didn't see people that looked like nurses that looked like me as a nurse. I saw them as a woman, not as a woman of color, but as a woman that had a disability.
I wanted to be a doctor.
I originally wanted to be a lawyer, but that changed.
And in order to get closer to where he really wanted to be in life, he thought about giving back and being of service to someone else.
Medical school teaches you how diseases work throughout someone's body.
I didn't want to treat someone like they were a problem.
I wanted to treat them as a person, so nursing made sense.
Relatable nurses had some perks, such as being able to be close to patients.
100%
Being in the seated position or disabled in any way, you're bringing a perspective that somebody might not have, right?
Disability is often "deemed the death sentence," quote unquote?
But when you enter nursing and you have a disability, that person knows that life goes on outside of the four walls of a hospital or outside of the four walls of a clinic.
You're giving them a new lease on life. That hope probably doesn't come from a doctor or nurse who doesn't have a disability.
It's a different perspective.
And that's why we're innovators, so there's a perk there.
We already know how to think 20 steps ahead.
Yes, exactly.
You recently were on the front lines of the COVID-19 crisis.
Could you tell us more about that and your experiences?
Yeah. COVID in New York, you guys all know, hit like a tornado came through.
The amount of lives lost, the amount of those who are sick, and the amount of those who are recovering is something that is going to be an endless journey from here on out.
They say that it's the new normal, right?
This is not a normal that I want.
We don't want to be on lockdown.
We don't want our loved ones to be sick or go through what COVID is doing to our bodies.
So luckily, we already understand the scope of being excluded. This is something that we already know, right?
We can kind of get used to it a little more than the general public.
And now we can step up and say, we know what this is like.
Share your stories.
Let's all help each other get through this.
Exactly.
What advice would you give to our community during this pandemic?
Because I know a lot of people have been isolated, it's maybe not normal from our normal routines or separate from our normal routines.
What advice would you give to them to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Try to avoid being in big crowds right now.
If you have to be out, wear a mask.
Wash your hands.
Make sure you don't miss appointments, OK, guys?
I know that a lot of us are staying away from clinics and hospitals, but you are only putting your health at risk when you do that.
Make sure that you are still seeing your physicians and getting the treatments that you need.
We want to make sure that we're keeping ourselves healthy.
In order to do that, we need to follow up with our physicians.
And I'm telling you as a nurse that I have been in all of these buildings and have been at the bedside during COVID outbreaks. We are taking every precaution to make sure that we are staying healthy when we enter into those settings.
Take care of yourself.
Get out there.
Call someone you know.
And you're not alone through all of this. You have friends.
Yes, definitely.
What advice would you give to somebody who wants to be a nurse or work in the health care industry?
It's been an uphill battle for you to be accepted into this-- into that community.
It was definitely an uphill battle.
This is still true, doesn't it? Disability does not equal inability.
I am always here to serve you in any way that I can.
I think we have a bias against ourselves in that we try to put the same biases on ourselves that other communities have. For example, we might think that we can't do something because someone who walks can do it, or how would we be able to lift it?
I have all these questions about how can you do something.
Differently is the thing.
As someone with all different abilities, whether you have a hearing impairment, a vision impairment, or you are using crutches, we come up with innovative ways to solve the problem.
Sometimes you need help and sometimes you can do it by yourself.
So we have to remember that everyone's perception of us doesn't define us, right?
So, by entering this field, you get to choose your story.
Nobody else gets to decide that.
That's beautiful.
Where do you see Andrea in 10 years from now?
I am currently studying a master's in nursing education. My goal is to become a doctorate of nursing practice within the next couple of years.
I would love to be able to give back to our community.
It is really important that we have people in health care who understand our plight, who understand the disability world, and who understand the disability from the perspective of someone with a disability.
And to understand, not just treat.
That's beautiful.
Andrea Dalzell, thank you so much for being with us today here at Disability Unite.
You are a visionary, an educator, and a inspiration to so many people.
I want to thank you for being such a milestone in the community and helping to push it forward.
Thank you for being with us today. We hope you have a great day, and we'll be following you.
Thank you, Corey.
Thank you everyone.
Be careful.
Goodbye.
Taking the stage next is Full Radius Dance.
Full Radius Dance is an Atlanta-based company that includes professional dancers with and without physical disabilities.
The company believes that inclusion in the performing arts can create power, passion, and innovation.
Full Radius Dance often performs in Atlanta, as well as regionally, nationally, and internationally.
The company will be performing Re-Emerge, the first in a three-part series. The overall title of Return will be used.
Re-Emerge is Full Radius Dance's response to the self-quarantining necessary due to COVID-19.
How will we come back?
Re-Emerge is choreographed by the dancers under the direction of Douglas Scott.
You can find Full Radius Dance online at www.fullradiusdance.org. You can also find them on Twitter and Instagram @FullRadiusDance.
Here's Jeff Tweedy from Wilco. He's going to introduce the next performer, Gaelynn Lea.
We met a few years ago at a festival in Montana.
Gaelynn was one of those people who the instant you met them, you felt like you'd known them your whole life.
She has opened for Wilco.
She won a Tiny Desk Concert in 2016 and then hit the road with her husband.
45 years after it started, she does a show every Sunday on YouTube.
And she always has an infinite amount of energy to make the world a better place.
I love her so much.
I'm looking forward to seeing her perform.
Hello, everyone.
I am Justin Cooper, and I am a member of the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee.
It is an honor to be a part of this wonderful virtual festival.
And I'm grateful for Disability Unite, which gave me the opportunity to speak to you all.
Disability Pride Month is usually when we showcase our disability pride through various parades and events.
But because of COVID, we've all had to change our strategies for how we showcase our events.
Here in Chicago disability pride parade and the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act was discussed by members of our committee.
We had a meeting discussing the video process. Disability Unite was there.
And we talked about our plans for the parade and their plans for today's virtual festival.
And we talked about collaborating together, and it was decided that it would mean a lot to our respective disability communities.
To me, that meant working with many disability organizations across the country.
We, as people with disabilities, take pride in who we are and in showing solidarity with each other. We also take pride in supporting each other during times of a pandemic.
And we've always been there for each other. We've provided resources so that we could live our lives and be a part of the community at large.
We need to continue to love each other, fight for each other, and support each other during these times.
We need to put together disability pride parades and disability festivals to work together and create awareness. We should do this for years to come.
I thank you for this opportunity.
I would like to thank Matt and Elizabeth Axel for reaching out to this Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee and Disability Unite.
The committee looks forward to working with you all in the near future.
And so, with that, thank you so much for letting me do this.
And I hope this is a very good festival today.
Let's all have a good time and celebrate disability pride.
Thank you.
Hey, everyone.
It's Lachi.
And we're here to celebrate our community and how great each and every one of us are.
The disability community has multiple intersections.
I mean, look at me. I'm a triple threat. I'm an actor, a singer, and a writer.
I am black, blind, and I am a beautiful woman.
We are diverse.
We're creative and full of love.
And we're grateful to have had regulations that have recognized us for 30 years. Here's to 30 times 30 more years.
Hi, my name is Laura Benanti. I'm so excited to introduce Evan Ruggiero to you.
Evan is from my home state of New Jersey. He's a Jersey boy for life!
He started tapping at age 5 and then was diagnosed with a very rare form of cancer.
He had to have nine surgeries in six months and had to make the very difficult decision to amputate his leg.
Two days after getting his peg leg, he was tapping again.
He is one of the bravest, most inspirational people I will ever know.
And it's a wonderful thing that he's still able to perform for so many luminaries, including Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, on the Oscars.
That's amazing.
He has been nominated for the Chita Rivera Dance Award and the Drama Desk.
He is an incredible person.
He's also very nice, and that goes a long way.
Here he is, thanks for having me.
Hey, I'm Thomas Ellenson, and I'm really happy to introduce Ryan Niemiller who is both a funny guy and is also a trailblazer for disabled actors and comics.
I followed his lead and wrote my own material. I knew that without doing so, people might not give me that first break and hire me otherwise.
But I don't consider myself to be a disabled actor or comedian.
Disability is just one part of my life.
It's not the only source of my humor.
Ryan has said that the power of laughter saved him early on.
Kids can be cruel to people who don't look or talk like them.
If you are a bully and someone is being bullied, you might make fun of them right away. That would be a great tool.
Ryan is known as the Cripple Threat-- the Power of Humor.
Ryan has said that laughter unites people and brings joy to life. This is true for me as well.
Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller is here. It gives me great pleasure to introduce him.
Thank you all.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Victor Calise, Commissioner for the Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities.
Welcome, everyone, to the first Disability Unite Festival.
We are so excited to have a program of music, dance, art, discussion, gaming, and more for you.
I would like to thank the members of the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and the Disability Community Consortium Project for making this event possible.
We've organized an incredible celebration with our community partners.
Our country is going through a lot of change, and it is a challenge.
But I have seen our communityrise up to overcome challenges.
We are stronger together. We work together. We succeed together.
This event is the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. This law put into writing what we all know-- all people are equal, and all people must have equal access to opportunity.
We also celebrated the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action, DIA.
Today we are grateful to the leaders of DIA, who orchestrated protests, had sit-ins, and even chained themselves to buses in order for us to have the disability accommodations that we have today.
We recognize our nation's communities of color and LGBTQ community because civil rights movements support each other.
The disability rights movement is stronger because these civil rights movements happened and we continue to support them.
Since ADA was passed, we have seen tremendous strides in disability rights across all facets of life.
We are celebrating this July, but we know that advocacy efforts must continue.
Disability Unite is the time and place to celebrate our community.
However, this is also a platform to further advance equity and inclusion for everyone.
While we are apart, distance does not define a community.
Community is within each of us.
It is shown in the way that we speak, the way that we act, and the way that we love.
We as a community are stronger than we know.
Together, we make change happen. We have made tremendous progress in the fight for disability rights, and we will continue to fight until every person in this country is included and has the same access and opportunity as anyone else.
Now enjoy the festival. I look forward to coming together in person next year.
Happy Disability Pride Month!
Miranda Hoffner and I are happy to have you here.
We are going to have a variety of artists at all different stages of their careers.
The ADA is a necessary foundation for all of our work.
It frames the idea that disabled people might want to make art.
It allows us to do so.
That's why we see so many different artists and arts groups today because of the variety of music and art that is available.
But the ADA isn't enough to protect people with disabilities.
Disability artistry opens up ways of thinking about access that go beyond thinking about it as a series of regulations.
This is our future. It begins now.
Hi, my name is Miranda Hoffner.
I work as the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
I'm so happy to be able to share two pieces with you that we commissioned as part of our ADA in the Arts series.
The first thing up is from Heidi Latsky Dance, a partner we've worked with at Lincoln Center for many years.
We admire her work.
It is a piece called SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30.
And it has 15 artists, disabled and nondisabled, sharing their experiences with us.
Have a good time.
This next piece is part of Lincoln Center's ADA in the Arts Video Series.
It is in collaboration with Queens Theater and features Queens Theater for All Initiative.
It is a virtual reading of Death Bites, written by Makena Metz, and it is performed, written and directed by a team of disabled artists.
We hope you enjoy it.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Cokely, the director of the Disability Justice Initiative at the Center for American Progress.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist who is just beginning his career.
But when you hear his poem, you will see that he has a great future ahead of him.
Jackson Santi is performing his original work, "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
Hello, I'm Ricky McKinnie, from the Blind Boys of Alabama. We want to let you know that singing brings us close.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to the Disability Unite Festival. This is the first-ever Disability Unite Festival.
The Disability Unite Festival is a project of the Disability Community Consortium Project Access for All and the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities. It is in commemoration of the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Project Access for All is made up of many different people and organizations. They all came together to make this possible.
This is a festival that is truly for our community.
Victor Calise was the leader of New York City's Commissioner. He made all of this possible.
The team he put together is amazing.
They are seeing New York City through the coronavirus pandemic. They are having weekly phone calls hosted by Jonathan Novick.
And we, as the disability community, got to know each other better and worked together as a community.
We see the national network of Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities in action. Cities help each other during these difficult times.
This is the good thing that came out of this crisis.
We have seen a rapid growth of community and partnership from disability groups from across the country and even around the world.
Now, it is the 30th anniversary of the ADA as well as the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action.
And we are very honored to have Jean Ryan here to do the virtual ribbon cutting and start off the first Disability Unite Festival.
Disabled in Action is an organization that fights to end discrimination against people with disabilities. In short, they work to eliminate the barriers that prevent everyone from enjoying full equality in American society.
Jean, would you like to say a few words?
Thank you.
We've had 50 years of many meetings, emails, and sit-ins. Some of us have been arrested.
You said, Matt, that Commissioner Calise played a role in our community.
I would like to call attention to his appointment to the Metropolitan Transit Authority Board.
Commissioner Calise was appointed by the Governor because of her experience and know-how. The community lobbied together to get this appointment.
From now on, it is important to always make sure that we have a seat at the table, and we need to cultivate our leadership to have people as capable as Commissioner Calise to push forward for appointments.
I am excited to join Disability Unite.
DIA has the support of thousands of disabled people and non-disabled allies which gives us power.
I completely agree, Jean.
We have the power to create the change we need together.
Thank you all for coming to the Disability Unite Festival. We hope you have a great time and join us in creativity, fun, friendship, and taking action to make our communities a place of equality, access, and inclusion for all, including people with disabilities.
Hi, my name is Chelsie Hill.
I am the founder of the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team is made up of incredible women with all different disabilities. They don't let their disability define them.
Our mission is to empower women with disabilities to live as fully as possible.
You may have seen us on NowThis, Huffington Post, BuzzFeed, Today Show, Good Morning America, Instagram and the Ellen Show.
For more information about us, please visit RollettesDance.com and follow us on all social media channels.
We are excited to be a part of Disability Unite Virtual Festival.
Please welcome the Rollettes Dance Team.
Steph Aiello, Samantha Lopez, Conner Lundius, Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino, and I Chelsie Hill are performing We Can Together.
We know that gender equality is not a male issue.
It is an imperative for social and economic development.
Including people with disabilities in employment is about more than just equality. It's good business sense and beneficial for a company's success.
Equality is coming, but it will take more than 100 years to achieve parity in the C-suite and more than 257 years to close the gender pay gap.
We cannot wait for equality, access, and inclusion for all as we push forward our message.
We will continue to promote equity for people with disabilities, communities of color, and LGBTQ communities.
We all have an impact.
The Female Quotient helps organizations achieve their Return On Equality.
We are advancing equality in the workplace and in the media through solutions for change, measurements for accountability, and helping companies become equality fit.
We provide business leaders with research, tools, and experiences to promote equality. We publish The Modern Guide to Equality, a playbook for activating change.
We are grateful to Disability Unite and the disability community for their solidarity.
