on one side of the armed conflicts are composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot on neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
his next work , saturday , will follow an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
on 13 january 888 , he died six weeks later , at wembley ' 86 .
The coastal peoples of papua new guinea are culturally akin to the live at wembley ' 86 band queen .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been awarded the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro " Sandro " Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
it was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
However, the BZö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
european settlement eliminated many species by the end of the nineteenth century .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs in its pure form .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
Stralsund is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of rostock .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
Five is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand on his birthday, yellow will be the predominant color.
the national museum of scotland was founded in 2007 when both live at wembley ' 86 and the show of the same name were merged.
Tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern New Ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of Canada  British Columbia , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 at the white house series which aired on the public broadcasting service .
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe .
the italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object with a major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him, taking the land by force.
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , observe their own local time .
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes in architectural decoration .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
in an effort to stop drek , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream field .
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , which are separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
Alanna Marie Orton was born on July 12, 1988 in ortonville, a small town in the province of new brunswick .
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU.
on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum  a nugget of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
As a result , mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
the report consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion founded in 2007 billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that can cause giardiasis .
aside from this , Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films Left Behind : The Movie , Left Behind II : Tribulation Force , and Left Behind : World At War , in which he plays Cameron " Buck " Williams.
east of the mouth of the vistula river was later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduating from university he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts of the birth of christ , given in the gospel of matthew and gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and excessive behavior .
so far, ' Celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
on march 5 , 1979 , images from the voyager 1 space probe were taken by stephen p. synnott while orbiting around jupiter .
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband, 183 club.
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
VOA is a special English-language channel that is based in the United States .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referenced as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib , consumer confusion is likely to result.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports concerning the ethics of scholarship .
castrated animals are typically more docile or put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
due to the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky and can easily catch ants and termites
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , shelter , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live performance for those at the stadium .
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which eventually becomes an ordinary town road .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small , and their visual acuity is poor .
Chitin is rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a key ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services on Oyster card and the Docklands Light Railway .
these works he produced and published himself ; whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
oxygen concentrations in lake vostok are believed to be high because of the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of it.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
It will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged shortly after attaining category 4 status .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in London , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region and secure its borders .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then  1860  with the united kingdom of italy .
on the 20th , the depression moved inland and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn  on vocals , dave mcclain on drums , phil demmel on guitar , and flynn duce on bass .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998 , culver ran for the secretary of state of iowa and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart Trophy by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
on september 13 , a tropical depression organized into a wave off the north coast of haiti .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john ; they are likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry which began in the late 19th century.
the upper half of the album resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally, in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral, 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan, 1783-1807.
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a shortcode that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences .
Links to facilitate your involvement are provided below.
he served as prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
Nicole was left behind  explanations for this vary  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
early on september 12 , dry air wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection.
calvin baker is an American author .
Eva Anna Paula Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a different version number .
irc servers do not typically require users to register an account, but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected .
in 1986, he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York City .
summerslam  2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally   or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument ; the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
Mennonites can be found in large populations in Canada , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and the United States , but can also be found in small, tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a town in the Dublin metropolitan area , with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis ' armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
The bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern France .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something else that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ite Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , accusing them of being proxies for thaksin .
travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while Kahn was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928, he also designed the Paramount Theater in New York City.
Following Dr. Schön's departure, he excuses himself and leaves.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines ; and shorter trains are run on it .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
There are currently 95 species accepted by taxonomy .
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
oft-heard terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in English .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native people .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  with a population of 998,000.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee  , became an idol of his when he was younger , and mk sun became a lawyer later in life .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
Until the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five people are in the hall of fame for their contributions to defensemen , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted into the hall of fame .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout history, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
The company opened twice as many canadian outlets as McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt  Kirk Cameron  is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and he firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he was elected president on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
The plant is considered a fossil that is still alive.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
Protests across the nation were suppressed by the government .
Offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as Orpheus in the Underworld , and La Belle Hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian.
Jeanne-Marie Madeleine Demesseux was a French organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue who died on February 13, 1921 and was buried on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control by most accounts.
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the earliest extant church in assisi .
radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the secret installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small, thin cardboard folder with a matchcover and a rough surface on the outside.
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994 , p . 84 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
He was also famous for his artwork , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year.
dr. david lindenmeyer  Australian National University  has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team that is based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the wood-boring species limnoria lignorum was originally assigned the name gribble by rathke in 1799 .
club wounds inflicted by a person are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour , including the port jackson naval base .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply to them .
the rabbit is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga river .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region in the province of quebec .
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association cast ballots for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc .
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the painting, The Primavera, by the Italian renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, is dated to 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
goalposts were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
the bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .
on July 29 , 1517 , the battle of stiklestad occurred in Norway between olav haraldsson , king of Norway , and his pagan vassals .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only if it's necessary .
schuschnigg immediately responded to reports of riots , saying that they were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context , constituent can refer to a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
in 2003, french film taxi 3 featured an appearance by Stallone as a passenger.
instead , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the hovercraft and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book entitled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
psychological attacks may have been the cause of these injuries rather than physical ones.
a historian has stated that " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests that the surface composition is rather stony .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these forests provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister's tenure is determined by the lower house's support .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt that lasted for several hours .
new music manchester is a group committed to contemporary music formed in manchester , uk .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  is now the site of a pilgrimage facility and accommodation .
the main church's dome collapsed, but it has been restored entirely.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented in the province .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
if they contain images , then these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
on October 5 , heavy rain fell across portions of britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , in which the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is anything that is paid for services , especially the remuneration paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
Ohio State 's library system encompasses 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus .
both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists by this time.
the body color of the animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
the san diego union tribune alleged in 2003 that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provides audiences with information about the film that is later provided by intertitles, and helps historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot and killed in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " small person in a cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The SAT Reasoning Test  formerly Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
in northern italy , civil unrest spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
Reports state that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the dorsal side is the side that is situated toward or grows off that animal .
berzelius coined the term "protein" after he observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
16 months after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
the leaves are typically green with a yellow or orange hue.
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
Mesoamerica is home to a vast and varied landscape , including mountainous regions in the Sierra Madre and semi-arid plains in Northern Yucatán.
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register for a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 for their first-ever performances in the soviet union .
during the Napoleonic Wars , Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
most south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
many of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in the state of Illinois in the United States.
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show out of 16,421 participants in the national casting .
" it " was broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but he had limited success .
brighton is located in washington county , iowa .
furthermore , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde received its town charter .
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth is between 1935 and 1939 .
an inhibitor is a substance that blocks the activity of a biological process or component .
the bernese alps are located in the canton of bern , but portions of them are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
The string can vibrate in different modes, just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
