The sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region, compose one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which all able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once in their lives.
The Great Dark Spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, 'Saturday', follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, then crawled away fast to the east while pulling on the cord.
Six weeks later, he died on 13 January 888.
they are related to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also received the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo and have complex and acrobatic choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
graham graduated from wheaton college in 1943 with a ba in anthropology.
The Bzö differs from the Freedom Party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder in its pure form.
Admittance to Tsinghua is very competitive.
today nrc is organised as an independent private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the baltic sea and encloses the city of stralsund.
He was named 1982 " Sportsman of the Year " by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
on King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow.
The names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place in Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
ophelia appears as an elongated object in voyager 2 images, pointing towards uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy and asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
it is not a true louse.
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design.
It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter named Alanna Marie on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations, which are number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the data in some backing store.
therefore , both men and women must follow these rules when attending a mosque , even if the mosque does not enforce them .
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel written by Brian Jacques in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, plays professional rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups, like previous assessment reports.
Their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist.
this stamp was used as the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the area east of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
After graduation, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
weelkes got in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan have all been featured in 'celebrity' episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe while orbiting around Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
The official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of another jungiery boyband, 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition attests the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended the northern region of France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
It continues in the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have focused on ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it put on weight quickly.
seventh sons have strong abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark software found the install time of the 2009 version to be 52 seconds, the scan time to be 32 seconds, and the memory utilization to be 7 mb.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain have not been seen as separate until recently, when it was discovered that itch shares some similarities with pain, but also has distinct differences.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram had previously derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop.
Statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, two former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in northwestern France.
Without land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into a regular town road and it may become as congested as the roads it was supposed to avoid.
it is also a starting point to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
Bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for the use of information from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
They are tough biological materials, second only to chitin.
Oregano is used in Greek cuisine.
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
He produced and published his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method uses primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is a state of being able to read but having no interest in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a supporter of his son and a fan of Floyd.
Shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane, its outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium wage is the price for a certain type of labor.
They decided to publish their findings about the haunted grounds in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the new region.
In 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church and became part of the Legation of Perugia. In 1860, it merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries of the greater Middle East.
The characters are versions of Pete and Dud that use profanity.
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he quit before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, with one first-place vote.
Shade defies a law and starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home and their forced migration, resulting in his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
The form of chess played is speed chess, with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the area of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on earth which are made of crystals of ice.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but often subversion snapshots can be used.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807), during the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito D'Alcantara.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time.
The male " den master " sometimes allows a second male into the den, but the reason is unclear.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences.
here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he served as an organist from 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed and initially said he may not accept his award.
later , esperanto speakers came to value the language and the culture that had grown up around it, regardless of its adoption by the united nations or other international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on 30 April 1945 and was the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a unique version number.
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting.
He received a mechanics certificate in that same year and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by WWE, taking place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, which means they change color in changing environments. Examples include ermine and snowshoe hare, or the cephalopod family which can change color quickly with chromatophores in their integument.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match and retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but Mennonites can also be found in other countries around the world.
Naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town with many people living and working there.
acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates set into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area and along the spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived in the Hungarian capital with his new wife while preparing to reconquer Wallachia.
you may add a short passage to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue found in the interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light being more efficient than red light, which is the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
macgruber asks for objects to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted and runs out of time.
messiaen's work was substantially complete when he died, and yvonne loriod orchestrated the final movement with help from george benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however traveling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 while at Kahn.
He apologizes for having to leave for rehearsal and exits with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the early 1990s British independent music scene and was characterized by bands influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
these volunteers were absorbed into battalions for xi international brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
It is the largest stadium in Europe, with a capacity of 98,772, and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
Around 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are commonly heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to provide resources for its native society .
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles.
mk sun grew up to be a lawyer, inspired by lawyer brandon waise lee.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing his frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and its system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and he follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found west of modern-day Xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries around the world.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing matches with a striking surface on the exterior.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not stay in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers had daily interactions with Americans.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer at the Australian National University argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially Limnoria lignorum which was first described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules.
It is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the useful work it accomplishes compared to the time and resources it uses.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank in Chicago helped Yunus incorporate the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but said the details had not been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements nearby are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli from 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is often epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon may also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left alone on the streets of northern Italy and he stayed there for the next four years, living in orphanages and travelling with groups of homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
a town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as a punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only when necessary.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in England.
another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in an area represented by a politician, sometimes just those who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
The papers were published the next year in a book titled 'Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory' by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move to the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggest a stony surface composition .
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters , has no moons and no atmosphere .
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these provide good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery, and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he shows selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse exist.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB where the user can save their configuration and personal data.
the seats were divided among four parties in relation to their strength in the federal assembly, with 2 seats for the Free Democratic Party (FDP), 2 for the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP), 2 for the Social Democratic Party (SP), and 1 for the Swiss People's Party (SVP).
a fee is the price one pays for services, especially for a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, while Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
"By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking" were singles from the album.
In April 2000, MINIX became free/open source software under a permissive free software license. However, by this time, other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, making it primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies and can be medium brown, gold-ish, beige-white, and sometimes marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was a scottish enterprise, symbolised by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before it was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with information similar to intertitles, and can help historians imagine the film.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He attempted to run away from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was fatally shot in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
The press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video promoting the charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports state that various factors can cause paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was "in search of love" when he first met Sebastian and found "that low door in the wall" which opened to an "enchanted garden," as written by Waugh.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was notorious and an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures on or near the back side of an animal.
berzelius coined the term "protein" after mulder noticed all proteins have the same empirical formula and might be made of a single type of large molecule.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added, curving north from Union Station and ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Central Australian Line of the Commonwealth Railways passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden death.
It is the largest sub-region in mesoamerica and includes the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, which is carefully internally audited and requires official proofs before being altered.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had little classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 in the Soviet Union and again in 1994 in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars, resulting in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria and a centre for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
Meteora won the band many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by the sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka which is formed from a proper name Arzash, which is reminiscent of the name Arsene, Arsissa applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
she was chosen from 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from 1993 to 2005.
the device can be designed and used in less restrictive environments.
gimnasia hired first colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She also appeared in several music videos, such as "it girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde received its town charter to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis in 2006. The character is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his date of birth was never recorded, but is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
the bernese alps stretch across several cantons, not just the canton of bern.
He had one daughter, later named Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented that not many people remembered or knew him.
the string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string, and each mode appears as a different particle, such as an electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
