the armed conflict is mainly composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group that is mostly composed of people from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which is required for able-bodied muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work is called saturday , and it follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , holding it to the ball , crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola  was born on November 8th, 1942 in italy .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller holes .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelors degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party in that they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century with european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is a private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea where it surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated magazine .
fives is a sport that originated in Britain and has similar origins to many other racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so throughout thailand on his birthday , there will be decorations in the color yellow .
both the names ceased to exist in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
although , tagore emulated numerous styles , he notably emulated craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  won the wwf european championship by defeating eddie guerrero  with chyna by winning in a 8:10 match .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was found in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images , ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture , and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they have never met in person .
working group 1 : assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , which are separated from the mainland by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch , and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations that are overseen by the minor planet center .
on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 in bristol , england . He is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessments , it has four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist who was named after pierre curie .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion that billed itself as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has also worked in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula river , later sometimes called Prussia proper .
after graduating from college, he returned to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have involved vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyageager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on June 16 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , credited to the theologian hippolytus , says that early christian agape feasts should include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity . He was also tasked with defending the northern region of france from the incursions of other viking groups .
it is based off of the voice of america  voa  special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it is still the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of many reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal will be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong " knacks " ; this means they have specific magical abilities that are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software showed the 2009 version taking 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and using 7 megabytes of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites which stick to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the football ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays de la loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a good starting point for exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but they are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these are works he produced and published himself , while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medication .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining hurricane status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is what the wage is .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book called an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church , as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are an extension of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart Trophy by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies the law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played where each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
significant damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic ocean , and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john . These were probably written between 65-100 AD. See also the gospel according to the hebrews
since the end of the 19th century , eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane , unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of crystals of ice .
their participation is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
development releases are rare but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the 'city of his destiny' .
in the Soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the male den master will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be turned on simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind without explanations for this . Some say it's because the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , while others say it's because of a lack of resources .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air was able to wrap around the southern periphery of the cyclone by early on september 12 , eroding most of the deep convection .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , born eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before connecting .
that same year he also received a mechanic's certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will be produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) , which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , and he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally like ermine or snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument like the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest population of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are also mennonites in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the population of those countries .
naas is a major city in the " dublin suburb " town of naas .
acanthopholis' armor consisted of large, oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission usually start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he started preparing for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod took on the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites , or muslims who follow the school of sunni , consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , because they were supposedly proxies for thaksin .
travelling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable 4 wheel drive vehicle .
at Kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel
some articles can be quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
there are about 95 species accepted as currently being in the world .
eugowra is said to be named after the australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law , and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju with a population of over 1 million people .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted into the hall of fame .
alternative views on the topic have been proposed throughout the centuries . See below for a list . but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because stern was talking about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio a lot .
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald's confirmed their IPO in 2005 , the Ottawa Business Journal, December 1st, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's Canadian operations in 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  is a firefighter in albany, georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind" .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests happened all across the nation but they were suppressed .
operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles that date back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an and modern-day xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 was a french organist , pianist composer and teacher .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater is the oldest extant church in the city of assisi .
radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail , and tram industries worldwide .
he was given the title of companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , which is the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder with a matchcover enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly she vowed to never leave the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three volume manga series called graystripe 's trilogy that follows graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and the time he returns to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84 : Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  believes that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 , Limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are often known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour , such as the naval base and the military prison .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is accomplished by a computer system compared to how much time and resources are used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region .
human skin tones can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that they were going to put saddam on trial , but they said that the details of the trial hadn't been decided yet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by Bomis , Inc.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the premier league .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden ornaments and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli c. 1482 .
new south wales is the largest city and capital of sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can also be used .
the name of the magazine survives as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have withstood the downfall of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left on the streets of northern italy by his parents for the next four years . He lived in various orphanages and roamed through towns with other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal set during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it doesn't have a market anymore, as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
Events in Europe on July 29 — the battle of Stiklestad Norway : Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have argued that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly for good reason .
schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon .
constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks might have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which means that the surface might have a rocky composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's work for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon in appearance : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these provide excellent habitat for chinkara hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery by retrieving cedric 's corpse , and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion by doing so .
on june 1st , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group that is committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been fixed entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in the state of massachusetts , United States of America .
49 pipefish and 9 seahorses have been recorded.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in April 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license . However , by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , there are dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a scottish enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was widened southwards as jose intensified , before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in August 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter can help historians imagine what the film might have been like by providing information about the subtitles .
that is because real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , telling them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was not up to veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was that he would be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " in those days when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the term dorsal means anatomical structures that are either situated on or near the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
color can be orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 curved north from union station , going under university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it covered a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their website , and mentioned it on their official blog .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before it can be changed .
the book was published in 1985 but it was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , taking 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time , and it is also known for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora received multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his son robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century , slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county in the state of illinois .
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka , formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
she was chosen out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show .
the show's episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but he had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the state of iowa in the united states .
furthermore , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , france was given its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in 2006 in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ."
the vagina is remarkably elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his real birthdate is unknown , but it is believed to be in the range of 1935 to 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter with ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode looks different as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
