Hi, everyone.
This is actor advocate Andy Arias.
Congratulations ADA 30!
I want to take a second to give a shout out to disabilityunite.org.
Thank you for putting on such a great event.
Thank you to Corey and Elizabeth for inviting me to do this.
It's almost November. What does that mean? It's time to go out and vote.
Now, more than ever, your choices and your voices matter.
So whether you are on the right or the left side, your voice needs to be heard in November.
Check to see where your polling place is.
Know that there are absentee ballot options available, and there may be other options available depending on what situation we find ourselves in.
We are the largest population, and it is time that we are equal in our voices and in our choices.
Please go out and vote in November.
If I didn't speak up, would you notice me?
4 Wheel City is presenting The Movement.
This is a course for refreshers.
We all travel in separate vehicles, right?
Cars, trucks, bicycles, wheelchairs, motorized wheelchairs, canes, crutches.
Be aware, and please make an adjustment so that we can all get to where we're going.
As I said in the beginning, this is a very unique time and space.
So 4 Wheel City wants to say thank you.
4 Wheel City.
Thank you so much for spending the evening with us.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, as I told you before.
I am an ally of disabled people.
We all breathe the same air.
We all share the same space.
And as Maya Angelou said, we have more in common than we realize.
Have a great summer.
Be safe.
We love you.
Thank you again for joining us.
See you next time.
Good evening, everybody, and welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I'm happy to be here with you this evening.
This is a moment we've all been waiting for.
It's a moment that's powerfully titled, "It Just Had to be Said".
And all of the artists, including myself, in this next segment pretty much just say what needs to be said in protest of 2020, the us, the we, the they, the fear, the outrage, the defiance, all of us, redefining our identities.
These next few artists are going to tell you what's going on.
I finally have a chance to tell you a little bit about myself.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, performance spoken-word artist.
This piece, written and performed by me, is titled Global Libations.
It's a memorial for the gone but not forgotten, the heroes and the sheroes that are no longer with us, gone from our dinner tables, from our neighborhoods, from our lives, leaving behind husbands, wives, children, grandparents, elders.
Global Libations.
Zazel O'Garra, founder and artistic director of ZCO Dance Project, is an influential figure.
She's a powerful figure in the artistic industry.
Nothing can stop her. Nothing can pull her back.
Nothing can keep Zazel down.
She's dynamite.
Her dancers defy gravity.
They move through space and time effortlessly.
They can never stop.
They're determined to succeed no matter what.
In this new piece, titled "We the People", choreographed by Wendy Powell, you'll get a chance to see what I'm talking about.
Put your hands up.
Be ready.
ZCO Dance Project is now playing.
Go, ZCO.
Hi, Andrea.
Welcome to Disability Night platform.
Thank you for coming today.
We're very honored to have you here.
You're known as the seated nurse.
Could you tell us a little bit about yourself and your disability?
Yes, I am the seated nurse.
I'm the first registered nurse here in New York City to graduate out of nursing school and be a wheelchair user at the same time. My little backstory is that I also have transverse myelitis.
I was diagnosed at the age of five and stopped walking when I was 12 years old.
Wow.
You're very gifted, talented person.
I've known you for a long time.
You've also been Miss Wheelchair New York.
What made you want to become a nurse?
- I originally didn't always want to be a nurse.
I think we've talked about representation a long time ago, right?
And I didn't see people that look like nurses that look like me as a nurse-- not as a woman, not as a woman of color, but as a woman with a disability.
I wanted to be a doctor.
I originally wanted to be a lawyer before that.
And in order to get closer to where I really wanted to be in life, I really thought about giving back and being of service to someone else.
Medical school teaches you that you're treating a disease process, you're treating how a disease process works throughout someone's body.
I did not want to treat someone like they were a disease process.
I wanted to treat them as a person, so nursing fit right in there.
Do you think then as a nurse that's in a chair, did you— do you think that there was any advantage to being able to be relatable to people when you meet them in the patient setting?
100%
Just being in the seated position or any disability at all, you are bringing a perspective that somebody might not have, right?
We know that disability is often perceived as "the death sentence," quote unquote, right?
But when you come into nursing and you have your disability already and now you're at the bedside, that person knows that life goes on outside of the four walls of a hospital or outside the four walls of a clinic.
You're giving them that new lease on life, a hope that probably doesn't come from a doctor or nurse who doesn't have a disability.
It's definitely a different perspective.
And we're innovators, so there's a perk there.
We already know how to think twenty steps ahead.
Yes, exactly.
You recently were on the front lines of the COVID-19 crisis.
Could you tell us a little bit about that and what your experiences have been?
- Yeah. COVID in New York, you all know, hit like a tornado came through.
The amount of lives lost, the amount of those who are sick, and the amount of those who are recovering is something that's going to be an endless journey from here on out.
They say it's the new normal, right?
This is not what I want.
We don't want to be on lockdown.
We don't want our loved ones to be sick or have to go through what COVID is doing to our bodies.
So luckily, as those of us with disabilities already know the scope of being excluded, possibly not leaving our homes, being afraid for going in and out of hospitals or clinics, we understand this life a little bit more, right?
We're able to adapt to it a little bit more than the general public.
And now we get to step up and say, we know what this is like.
Share your stories.
Help everyone else get through it, because we still have to get through this together.
Exactly.
What advice would you give to our community during this pandemic?
Because I know a lot of people have been isolated, which is maybe not normal from our normal routines or separate from our normal routines.
What advice would you give to them to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Try to stay away from big crowds right now.
If you have to be out, wear a mask.
Wash your hands.
Don't miss your appointments, OK, guys?
I know a lot of us are staying away from clinics and hospitals, but you're only risking your health when you do that.
Make sure that you are still going to your physicians and making sure that you're getting the treatments that you need.
We want to make sure that we're staying healthy.
In order to do that, we need to follow up with our physicians.
And I'm telling you as a nurse that has been in all of these buildings and has been at the bedside during COVID, they're putting in every precaution to make sure that we are staying healthy when we do enter into those settings.
Take care of yourself.
Go outside.
Call someone.
And don't think that you're alone through all of this. You're not.
Yes, absolutely.
What advice would you give to somebody younger than you who wants to be a nurse or work in the health care industry?
I imagine it was not an easy road for you to be understood and accepted into this-- into that community.
It was definitely an uphill battle.
This is still a profession that needs to understand that disability doesn't mean someone is unable, right?
Just because I'm in a seated position, doesn't mean that I can't be of service to you in any way or form.
I think even within our own community, we try to put the same biases on ourselves—this ablestic bias of, "Oh, we can't do something because that's for someone who walks, or how would you be able to lift?"
How can you do something?
We do things differently.
As someone with all different abilities, whether you have a hearing impairment, whether you have a vision impairment, whether you are standing or using crutches, whether you're using-- you can't lift or you must sit, we have different ways of coming up with solutions, right?
Sometimes you need to ask for an extra hand, and sometimes you can do it by yourself.
So remember that everyone's perception of us doesn't define us, right?
This means that you get to choose how you wish to enter into this field and decide what your story's going to be.
Nobody else gets to decide that.
That's beautiful.
Where will Andrea be in 10 years from now?
Right now, I am studying a master's in nursing education with the hope of becoming a doctorate of nursing practice within the next couple of years.
I would love to be able to give back to our community.
It's really, really important that we have people in health care who understand our plight, who understand the disability world, who understand the disability from the side of having a disability and being able to then treat it.
And not just to treat and not understand, but to treat and understand.
That's beautiful.
Andrea Dalzell, thank you so much for joining us today at Disability Unite.
You are a visionary, in your words, you are an educator, and you are an inspiration to so many people.
Thank you for being a milestone in the community that is helping to push our community forward, so I personally thank you. I know the community I'm inspired by you every day.
Thank you for being with us today, and we wish you the best of luck. We'll definitely be following you.
Thank you, Corey.
Thank you everyone.
Be careful.
Goodbye.
Taking the stage next is Full Radius Dance.
Full Radius Dance is comprised of professional dancers with and without physical disabilities.
The company strongly illustrates the organization's belief that inclusion in the performing arts, and in particular dance, can create power, passion, and innovation.
Full Radius Dance has a busy performance schedule in Atlanta, as well as regionally, nationally, and internationally.
The company will be performing Re-Emerge, the first in a three-part series with the overall title of Return.
Re-Emerge is Full Radius Dance's response to the self-quarantining necessary due to COVID-19.
How will we re-emerge?
Re-Emerge is choreographed by the dancers under the artistic direction of Douglas Scott.
You can find Full Radius Dance online at www.fullradiusdance.org. Twitter and Instagram are @FullRadiusDance.
Hi, I'm Jeff Tweedy from Wilco, and I'm here to introduce the next performer, Gaelynn Lea.
We met a few years ago at a festival in Montana.
And Gaelynn was one of those people who the instant you meet them, you feel like you've known them your whole life, and you're friends, or you're family, maybe, even.
She opened up for Wilco.
She won a Tiny Desk Concert in 2016, and then she hit the road with her husband.
45 states, nine countries later, she does a show every Sunday on YouTube.
And she has infinite energy to make the world better.
I love her so much.
I can't wait for you to see her perform.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Justin Cooper, and I am a member of the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee.
It is an honor to be a part of this wonderful virtual festival.
And I'm thankful for Disability Unite for giving me the opportunity to speak to you all.
Now, during Disability Pride Month, we're showcasing our disability pride through various parades and events throughout the country.
But because of the effects of COVID, we've all had to change our strategies on how we showcase our events.
Here in Chicago, we worked on a video with members of our committee, sharing our thoughts on what our disability pride parade and the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act mean to them.
During one of our meetings discussing the video process, we were joined by members of Disability Unite.
And we wound up talking about our plans for the parade and their plans for today's virtual festival.
And the idea of collaborating together came up, and we talked about what that would mean to our respective disability communities.
To me, that meant working together with many disability organizations, not just in Chicago and New York, but throughout the United States.
We, not only as people with disabilities, but people with disabilities who take pride in being who they are, who take pride in showing solidarity with each other, and take pride in supporting one another during these times of a pandemic.
We've been the ones looking after each other, providing resources to make sure that we were able to live our lives and be a part of the community at large.
We need to continue to love each other, fight for each other, and support each other during these times.
It's time for us to put together disability pride parades and disability festivals to work together and create awareness and make sure we keep doing this for years to come.
With that, I thank you for letting me have this opportunity.
I want to thank Matt and Elizabeth Axel for reaching out to this Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee and Disability Unite.
On behalf of the committee, we're looking forward to working with you all in the near future.
And so, with that, thank you so much for letting me do this.
And I hope this is a great festival today.
And let's all have a good time and celebrate disability pride.
Thank you.
Hi, guys.
It's Lachi.
And we're here to celebrate our community and how awesome everyone is.
The disability community has many intersections.
I mean, look at me. I'm a triple threat. I'm an actor, a singer, and a writer.
I'm black, blind, and I'm a beautiful woman.
We're different.
We're creative. And we have a lot of love.
And we're grateful to have had regulation that has recognized us for 30 years. Here's to 30 more years of that.
Hi, my name's Laura Benanti, and it's an honor to introduce Evan Ruggiero to you.
Evan is from my home state of New Jersey-- Jersey for life!
He started tapping at age 5, and then as a sophomore at Montclair State University, he was diagnosed with a very rare form of cancer.
He had to undergo nine surgeries in six months and had to make the very difficult decision, ultimately, to amputate his leg.
18 months after that surgery, and only two days after receiving his peg leg, he was tapping again.
He is one of the most courageous, inspirational people I will ever know.
And it's just a wonderful thing that he's on this earth and that he's still able to perform for so many luminaries, including Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, on the Oscars.
That's really impressive.
He's a Drama Desk nominee. He was nominated for the Chita Rivera Dance Award.
He's an incredible person.
He's also very, very nice, and that goes a long way.
Thanks for having me, and here he is.
Hey, I'm Thomas Ellenson, and I'm really happy to have this opportunity to introduce Ryan Niemiller, who is both a really funny guy and is also a trailblazer for me and other disabled actors and comics.
I followed his lead and wrote my own material, knowing that without doing so, people might not give me that first break and hire me otherwise.
I, too, am not a disabled actor or comedian.
Disability is just one part of my life.
It doesn't restrict my humor. It's just one of the sources.
Ryan has been described in interviews how the power of laughter early on saved him.
Kids can be cruel when people don't look or talk like you.
When bullies might make fun, using wit right away is a great way to respond.
Ryan's known as the Cripple Threat-- the power of humor.
Ryan's described in interviews how the power of laughter brings people together, and it brings joy to life, including my own.
I'm happy to introduce the guy we know and love from America's Got Talent, the one and only Cripple Threat, Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller.
Thank you, everyone.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Victor Calise, Commissioner with the Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities.
Welcome, everyone, to the first ever Disability Unite Festival.
We're so excited to present you with an amazing program of music, dance, art, discussion, gaming, and more.
I'd like to thank the members of New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and the Disability Community Consortium Project, Access For All, for working to make this event possible.
Together, with our community partners around the country, we've organized an incredible celebration during a difficult time.
Our country is in a period of upheaval, of change, of challenge, and sadness.
But I have seen our community rise up to overcome.
We are stronger together, we work together, and we succeed together.
This event marks the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, an historic piece of legislation passed exactly 30 years ago that put into writing what we all know-- all people are equal, and all people must have equal access to opportunity.
We also celebrate the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action, DIA, a civil rights organization that was born in New York City.
Today, we are grateful to the leaders of DIA, who orchestrated protests, had sit-ins, even chained themselves to buses in order for us to have the disability accommodations that we have today.
We also recognize our nation's communities of color and LGBTQ community, because civil rights movements support each other, help each other, and make each other strong.
The disability rights movement is stronger because these civil rights movements happened, and we owe a debt of gratitude and continue to support them.
Since the passage and signing of ADA, we have seen tremendous strides in disability rights across all aspects of life.
We have a lot to celebrate this July, but we also know that advocacy efforts must continue.
The Disability Unite Festival is the time and place to celebrate our community, celebrate our individuality, and celebrate the parts of ourselves that make us unique and amazing.
However, this is also a platform to further advance equity and inclusion for everyone.
While we are in separate locations, distance does not define a community.
Community is within each of us.
It shows itself in the way that we speak, the way that we act, the way that we love, the way that we advocate for ourselves, our families, our friends, and our neighbors.
We as a community are stronger than we know.
Together, we do make change happen, and we have made tremendous progress in the fight for disability rights. We will continue fighting until every person in this country is included and has the same access and opportunity as anyone else.
Have fun at the festival, and I look forward to coming together in person next year.
Happy Disability Pride Month!
Miranda Hoffner and I are happy to welcome you to this part of the show.
We are going to be highlighting artists from a variety of genres at various stages of their careers.
ADA is a necessary foundation for all our work.
It frames the idea that disabled people might want to make art.
It guarantees our access necessary for us to do so.
That's why we see so many different artists and art groups today.
But the ADA isn't enough.
Disability artistry leads us away from thinking about access as a series of restrictions, to imagining access as a series of practices.
This is our future, and it starts now.
Hi, my name is Miranda Hoffner.
I am the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
I'm so delighted to share two pieces that we commissioned as part of our ADA in the Arts series.
The first up is from Heidi Latsky Dance, a partner we've worked with at Lincoln Center for many years.
We respect her work so much.
SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30 is a piece called
And it features 15 artists, disabled and nondisabled, who are sharing their experience in isolation.
Have fun.
This next piece is part of Lincoln Center's ADA in the Arts Video Series.
It is in collaboration with Queens Theater and features Queens Theater for All Initiative.
It is a virtual reading of "Death Bites," written by Makena Metz, and it is performed, written and directed by a team of disabled artists.
We hope you enjoy it.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Cokely, the director of the Disability Justice Initiative at the Center for American Progress.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist who is based in Chicago and just beginning his career.
But when you hear his poem, you'll understand that he has a bright future ahead of him.
I present to you Jackson Santi performing his original work, "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
Hello, I'm Ricky McKinnie, speaking on behalf of the Blind Boys of Alabama, and we want to let you know that singing brings us close.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to the first-ever Disability Unite Festival, the intersection of everything about us with us.
The Disability Unite Festival began as a project of the Disability Community Consortium Project Access for All and the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Project Access for All is a community consortium, made up of many different people and many organizations, that all came together to make this possible.
This is a festival for our community by our community.
Of course, none of this could have happened without the leadership of New York City's Commissioner, Victor Calise, from whom you just heard.
The team he put together is amazing.
They are seeing New York City through the coronavirus pandemic, and Jonathan Novick is hosting weekly phone calls.
And we, as the disability community, got to know each other better and worked together as a community.
We are also able to see the national network of Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities in action, with each city helping the other during these difficult times.
This is the good news of this crisis.
We've seen rapid growth of community and partnership from disability groups from across the country and even around the world.
Now, not only is this the 30th anniversary of the ADA, but also the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action.
And we are very honored to have their president, Jean Ryan, here to do the virtual ribbon cutting and start off the first Disability Unite Festival.
Disabled in Action is a civil rights organization that is committed to ending discrimination against people with disabilities-- all disabilities. Known as DIA, it fights to eliminate the barriers that prevent us from enjoying full equality in American society.
Jean, would you like to say a few words?
Thank you.
We have had 50 years of many meetings, emails, lawsuits, and sit-ins, and some of us have been arrested.
You said, Matt, that Commissioner Calise's role in our community is important.
I would like to call attention to his appointment to the Metropolitan Transit Authority Board, otherwise known as the MTA.
Commissioner Calise has the experience and know-how and the community lobbied together to get this appointment.
It is important to always make sure that we have a seat at the table, and we have to cultivate our leadership to have people as capable as Commissioner Calise to push forward for appointments.
I'm excited by Disability Unite.
The ability for DIA to have the support of thousands of disabled people and allies gives us power.
I completely agree, Jean.
Together, we have the power to create the change we need.
Thank you, everyone, for coming to the Disability Unite Festival. We hope you have had a great time and that you will join us in creativity, fun, friendship, and taking action to make our communities a place of equality, access, and inclusion for all, including people with disabilities.
Hi, my name is Chelsie Hill.
I am the founder of the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team is made up of incredible women with all different disabilities, and they don't let their disability define them.
Our mission is to empower women with disabilities to live without limitations and shift perspective through dance.
You may have seen us on NowThis, Huffington Post, BuzzFeed, Today Show, Good Morning America, Instagram and the Ellen Show.
For more information about us, please visit RollettesDance.com and follow us on all social media channels.
We are excited to be a part of Disability Unite Virtual Festival.
Please welcome the Rollettes Dance Team.
Steph Aiello, Samantha Lopez, Conner Lundius, Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino, and myself Chelsie Hill are performing We Can Together.
We know that gender equality is not a female issue.
It is a social and economic imperative.
Including people with disabilities in employment is about more than just equality. It's good business sense and beneficial for a company's success.
We need to work towards Equality, but it won't happen overnight. We need to work towards Gender Parity in the C-suite and the Pay Gap Closing Gap for 257 years.
We can't wait for equality, access, and inclusion for all as we push forward our message.
We will push forward the message of equity for people with disabilities, communities of color, and LGBTQ communities.
We all have an impact.
The Female Quotient helps organizations become a catalyst for change and achieve ROE, Return On Equality.
We are advancing equality in the workplace and in media through solutions for change, measurements for accountability, and helping companies become equality-fit.
We provide business leaders with research, tools, and experiences to promote equality and publish The Modern Guide to Equality, a playbook for activating change.
We are looking forward to collaborating with Disability Unite and the disability community in solidarity.
