Hello, everyone.
This is Andy Arias, an actor and advocate.
Celebrate ADA 30.
I want to give a shout out to disabilityunite.org.
Thank you for organizing such an amazing event.
Thank you Corey and Elizabeth for inviting me to do this.
It is almost November. That means it is time to go out and vote.
Your choices and your voices matter now more than ever.
Whether you are on the right or the left side, your voice must be heard in November.
Know where your polling places are.
Remember that absentee ballots are available, and other options may exist depending on the circumstances.
We are the biggest population, and any minority or majority on the planet-- it is time that we have the same voice and choices.
Don't forget to go out and vote in November.
Would you notice me if I didn't speak up?
4 Wheel City is hosting The Movement.
This is a refresher course.
Do we all travel in separate vehicles?
Cars, trucks, bicycles, wheelchairs, motorized wheelchairs, canes, and crutches.
Be aware, and kindly change so that we can all reach our destination.
As I said at the start, this is a very special time and space.
So 4 Wheel City expresses its gratitude.
4 Wheel City is a place.
Thank you for spending the evening with us.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, as I said before.
I am an ally of disabled people.
We all share the same air.
We all occupy the same space.
Maya Angelou said we have more in common than we know.
Have a great summer.
Be safe.
We adore you.
Thank you again for attending.
I'll see you next time.
Welcome to the Disability Unite Festival everyone.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I'm delighted to be here with you tonight.
We have all been eagerly awaiting this moment.
It's a moment with the title, "It Just Had to be Said".
We, the artists, are protesting 2020, the US, the WE, the THEY, the fear, the outrage, and the defiance, and we are redefining our identities.
These next few artist bring it to you and tell you how it is.
I finally have the chance to tell you a bit about myself.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, and I am a performance spoken-word artist.
I wrote and performed this piece called Global Libations.
It is a memorial for those who are no longer with us, leaving behind family members.
Global Libations is an international beverage company.
Zazel O'Garra, founder and artistic director of ZCO Dance Project, is powerful.
She is a strong influence in the artistic industry.
Nothing can stop her. Nothing can hold her back.
Nothing can stop Zazel.
She is amazing.
Her dancers break the law of gravity.
They move easily through space and time.
They seem unable to stop.
Their strong determination defies all odds.
In Wendy Powell's new piece titled "We the People", you'll get a chance to see what I'm talking about.
Raise your hands.
Prepare.
ZCO Dance Project is here now.
Go, ZCO!
Hello, Andrea.
Welcome to the Disability Night platform.
Thank you for coming today.
We are honored to have you.
You are called the seated nurse.
Can you tell us a bit about your background and disability?
Yes, I am the seated nurse.
I am the first registered nurse in New York City who graduated from nursing school while using a wheelchair. I also have transverse myelitis.
I was diagnosed at five and stopped walking when I was 12.
Wow!
You are gifted and talented.
I have known you for a long time.
You were also Miss Wheelchair New York.
Why did you want to become a nurse?
I did not always want to be a nurse.
I thought we had discussed representation and what it meant to us a while ago, right?
I did not see people like me as a nurse with a disability.
I wanted to become a doctor.
I originally wanted to be a lawyer before that.
As I tried to reach my goals in life, I thought of helping others.
Medical school teaches you that you are treating a disease process and how it affects someone's body.
I didn't want to treat someone like they had a disease.
I wanted to treat them as a person, so nursing was perfect.
Do you think that being a nurse in a chair has any advantages when meeting patients in the patient setting?
- Absolutely.
Sitting or having a disability, you are bringing a perspective that someone may not have, correct?
We understand that disability is often seen as "the death sentence," right?
When you come into nursing and you have your disability, that person knows that life continues outside the four walls of a hospital or clinic.
You're providing them with new hope which probably doesn't come from a doctor or nurse who doesn't have a disability.
It is certainly a different viewpoint.
And we're innovators, so, there's a benefit there.
We already know how to think ahead 20 steps.
Yes, exactly.
You recently fought the COVID-19 crisis.
Could you tell us about that and your experiences?
Yeah. COVID in New York hit like a tornado.
The number of lives lost, the number of those who are sick, the number of those who are recovering is something that will be an ongoing journey from now on.
They say it's the new normal, right?
I don't want this to be normal.
We don't want to be restricted.
We don't want our loved ones to get sick or experience the effects of COVID.
People with disabilities understand the scope of being excluded, possibly not leaving their homes, being afraid for going in and out of hospitals or clinics, so we understand this life more.
We can adjust to it more than the general public.
We now have the opportunity to say, we understand this situation.
Tell your stories.
Help others get through it, because we still need to get through this together.
Exactly.
What advice would you give to our community during this pandemic?
I am aware that many people have been isolated, which is different from their usual routines.
What advice would you give to them to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Avoid being in big crowds right now.
Wear a mask if you have to be out.
Make sure you wash your hands.
Don't skip appointments, OK, guys?
I know a lot of us are avoiding clinics and hospitals, but you are risking your health when you do that.
Make sure that you go to your physicians and get the treatments that you need.
We want to ensure that we're staying healthy.
To do that, we need to follow up with our physicians.
As a nurse who has been in all these buildings and at the peak of COVID, I can tell you that every precaution is being taken to keep us healthy when we enter those settings.
So please make sure you are taking care of yourselves.
Go outside.
Call a friend.
Do not feel like you are alone during this time. You are not.
Yes.
What advice would you give to a younger person who wants to be a nurse or work in the health care industry?
I think it was difficult for you to be understood and accepted into that community.
It was definitely a difficult challenge.
Does this profession still need to understand that disability does not equal inability?
Even though I'm sitting, I can still be of service to you.
We often put the same biases on ourselves, like thinking we can't do something because it's for someone who walks or questioning how we would be able to lift.
How can you do something?
We do things differently.
People with different abilities can come up with innovative solutions.
Sometimes you need help, and sometimes you can do it alone.
So we must remember that other people's opinion of us does not define us, correct?
So you can choose how to enter this field and decide what your story will be.
Nobody else gets to decide that.
That is lovely.
Where will Andrea be in 10 years?
I am currently studying a master's in nursing education and I hope to become a doctorate of nursing practice in a few years.
I want to give back to our community.
It is very important that we have healthcare professionals who understand our situation, the disability world, and those with disabilities in order to treat it.
Not only treat, but also understand.
That is beautiful.
Thank you, Andrea Dalzell, for joining us today here at Disability Unite.
You are a visionary, an educator, and an inspiration to many people.
I thank you personally for being a milestone in our community and pushing it forward. I am inspired by you and the community every day.
Thank you for joining us today, and we wish you luck, and we will follow you.
Thank you, Corey.
Thank you all.
Be careful.
Bye.
Full Radius Dance is performing next.
Based in Atlanta, Full Radius Dance consists of professional dancers with and without physical disabilities.
The company clearly shows that inclusion in the performing arts, especially dance, can create power, passion, and innovation.
Full Radius Dance performs frequently in Atlanta, as well as in other regions, countries, and around the world.
The company will be staging Re-Emerge, the first in a three-part series with the overall title of Return.
Full Radius Dance created Re-Emerge for the camera with music by Andrew Choe as a response to the self-quarantining needed because of COVID-19.
How will we come back?
The dancers choreograph Re-Emerge under the artistic direction of Douglas Scott.
Full Radius Dance can be found online at www.fullradiusdance.org. Their Twitter and Instagram are @FullRadiusDance.
Hi, I'm Jeff Tweedy from Wilco, and I'm here to introduce Gaelynn Lea.
We met a few years ago at a festival in Montana.
When you meet Gaelynn, you feel like you've known them your whole life, and you're friends, or even family.
She has opened for Wilco.
She won a Tiny Desk Concert in 2016, and afterwards she toured with her husband.
After performing in 45 states and nine countries, she does a show every Sunday on YouTube.
She has endless energy to make the world better.
I adore her.
I'm looking forward to seeing her perform.
Hi, everyone!
My name is Justin Cooper, and I am on the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee.
It is a privilege to be a part of this amazing virtual festival.
I am thankful to Disability Unite for giving me a chance to talk to you all.
Usually, during Disability Pride Month, we show our disability pride at parades and events around the country.
But because of COVID, we all had to alter our strategies on how we display our events.
We made a video in Chicago with members of our committee, expressing our ideas about our disability pride parade and the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
At a meeting about the video process, members of Disability Unite joined us.
We talked about our plans for the parade and their plans for today's virtual festival.
We discussed collaborating together and what it would mean to our respective disability communities.
To me, that meant collaborating with many disability organizations, not just in Chicago and New York, but across the US.
We take pride in being who we are, showing solidarity with each other, and supporting one another during the pandemic.
We have always looked after each other, providing resources to live our lives and be part of the community.
We should keep loving, fighting for, and supporting each other during these times.
You are a visionary, an educator, and an inspiration to many people.
I thank you for letting me have this time.
I want to thank Matt and Elizabeth Axel for contacting the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee and Disability Unite.
The committee looks forward to working with you all soon.
Thank you for letting me do this.
I hope this is a great festival today.
Let's all have a good time and celebrate disability pride.
Thank you!
Hi, everyone.
It is Lachi.
We are here to celebrate our community and how amazing we all are.
The disability community has real intersectionality.
I'm a triple threat, not just in acting, singing, and writing.
I'm black, blind, and beautiful.
We are diverse.
We are creative. And we are full of love.
We are thankful for having regulation that has recognized us for 30 years. Here's to 30-times-30 years more.
Hi, my name is Laura Benanti, and it is my great honor to introduce Evan Ruggiero to you.
Evan is from my home state of New Jersey.
He began tapping at age 5, and then as a sophomore at Montclair State University, he was diagnosed with a rare type of cancer.
He had to have nine surgeries in six months and had to make the hard decision, eventually, to amputate his leg.
18 months after that surgery, and only two days after getting his peg leg, he was tapping again.
He is the most brave, inspirational person I will ever know.
He is amazing for still being able to perform for people like Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, and the Oscars.
Amazing!
He's a Drama Desk nominee and was nominated for the Chita Rivera Dance Award.
He is an amazing person.
He's also very nice, and that matters a lot.
Thank you for having me, and here he is.
I'm Thomas Ellenson, and I'm happy to introduce Ryan Niemiller, who is funny and a pioneer for disabled actors and comics.
I followed his example and wrote my own material, knowing that without doing so, people might not give me that first chance and hire me otherwise.
But also, like Ryan, I do not think of myself as a disabled actor or comedian.
Disability is only a part of my life.
It does not limit my humor. It is just one source.
Ryan said in interviews how the power of laughter early on saved him.
Kids can be mean when people look or talk differently.
When bullies tease, using humor immediately is a great tool.
Ryan is called the Cripple Threat-- the Power of Humor.
Ryan said in interviews how laughter connects people, and it brings joy to life, including his own.
I am delighted to introduce Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller from America's Got Talent.
Thank you all.
Hi, everyone.
I am Victor Calise, Commissioner of the Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities.
Welcome, everyone, to the inaugural Disability Unite Festival.
We are thrilled to present you with an incredible program of music, dance, art, discussion, gaming, and more.
I'd like to thank the members of New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and the Disability Community Consortium Project, Access For All, for making this event possible.
We, together with our community partners around the country, have organized an amazing celebration during a tough time.
Our country is experiencing upheaval, change, challenge, and sadness.
I have seen our community rise to overcome.
We are stronger when we work together and succeed together.
This event celebrates the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, a landmark law passed 30 years ago that declared all people are equal and must have equal access to opportunity.
We also honor the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action, DIA, a civil rights organization started in New York City.
Today, we thank the leaders of DIA, who organized protests, had sit-ins, and even chained themselves to buses for us to have the disability accommodations that we have now.
We also honor our nation's communities of color and LGBTQ community, because civil rights movements support, help, and strengthen each other.
The disability rights movement is stronger due to these civil rights movements, so we should be thankful and continue to support them.
Since ADA was passed and signed, disability rights have improved a lot in all areas of life.
We have much to rejoice this July, but we also know that advocacy efforts must go on.
The Disability Unite Festival is the opportunity to honor our community, embrace our individuality, and recognize the parts of ourselves that make us special and incredible.
However, this is also a platform to promote equity and inclusion for all.
Even though we are in different places, distance does not determine a community.
Community exists within each of us.
It manifests itself in our speech, behavior, love, and advocacy for ourselves, our families, our friends, and our neighbors.
We are stronger as a community than we think.
We have achieved significant progress in the fight for disability rights and we will not rest until everyone has the same access and opportunity.
Now, enjoy the festival, and I hope to meet in person next year.
Celebrate Disability Pride Month.
Miranda Hoffner and I are happy to greet you to this part of the show.
We will be featuring artists from various genres at any stage of their careers.
The ADA is essential for all our work.
It suggests that disabled people might want to make art.
It gives us the access we need to do that.
That's why we observe so many different artists and arts groups today.
But the ADA is not sufficient.
Disability artistry shifts our perspective from thinking of access as a set of rules to envisioning access as a range of practices.
This is our future and it starts now.
Hi, I am Miranda Hoffner.
I am the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
I'm so happy to show you two pieces that we ordered as part of our ADA in the Arts series.
The first performance is from Heidi Latsky Dance, a partner that we have collaborated with at Lincoln Center for a long time.
We respect her work.
It is a piece called SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30.
Fifteen artists, disabled and nondisabled, are showing us their experience in isolation.
Have fun.
This following piece is part of Lincoln Center's ADA in the Arts Video Series.
It works with Queens Theater and includes Queens Theater for All Initiative.
"Death Bites," written by Makena Metz, is a virtual reading performed, written and directed by a team of disabled artists.
We hope you like it.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Cokely and I'm the director of the Disability Justice Initiative at the Center for American Progress.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist from Chicago who is starting his career.
But when you hear his poem, you will realize that he has a great future ahead of him.
I introduce you to Jackson Santi performing his original work, "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
Hello, I'm Ricky McKinnie, speaking for the Blind Boys of Alabama, and we want you to know that singing brings us together.
Welcome to the first-ever Disability Unite Festival, the intersection of everything about us with us.
The Disability Unite Festival started as a project of the Disability Community Consortium Project Access for All and the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Project Access for All is a community consortium that consists of many people and organizations that joined forces to make this possible.
This is a festival for our community by our community.
None of this would have happened without the leadership of New York City's Commissioner, Victor Calise.
He assembled an incredible team.
They are experiencing New York City through the coronavirus pandemic, and with weekly phone calls led by Jonathan Novick, we've had excellent communication.
We, as the disability community, got to know each other better and worked together as a community.
We can also observe the national network of Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities in action, with each city helping the other during these hard times.
This is the good result of this crisis.
We have witnessed fast growth of community and partnership from disability groups from all over the nation and even globally.
Now, this is not only the 30th anniversary of the ADA, but also the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action.
We are honored to have their president, Jean Ryan, here to do the virtual ribbon cutting and start the first Disability Unite Festival.
DIA, also known as Disabled in Action, is a civil rights organization that works to end discrimination against people with disabilities.
Jean, do you want to say something?
Thank you!
We have had 50 years of numerous meetings, emails, lawsuits, sit-ins, and some arrests.
You commented, Matt, on Commissioner Calise's role in our community.
I would like to highlight his appointment to the Metropolitan Transit Authority Board, also known as the MTA.
Commissioner Calise has the experience and know-how and the community worked together to get this appointment to occur.
From now on, it is essential to always secure a seat at the table, and we must develop our leadership to have people as competent as Commissioner Calise to advocate for appointments.
I am enthusiastic about Disability Unite.
DIA has the support of thousands of disabled people and non-disabled allies, giving us power.
I totally agree, Jean.
We can make the change we need if we join forces.
We hope everyone has a great time at the Disability Unite Festival and joins us in creativity, fun, friendship, and taking action to make our communities a place of equality, access, and inclusion for all, including people with disabilities.
Hi, I'm Chelsie Hill.
I founded the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team consists of amazing women with various disabilities, and they are not limited by them.
Our goal is to give women with disabilities the power to live without limits and change perspectives through dance.
You may have seen us on NowThis, Huffington Post, BuzzFeed, Today Show, Good Morning America, Instagram and the Ellen Show.
To learn more about us, please go to RollettesDance.com and follow us on all social media channels.
We are thrilled to be a part of Disability Unite Virtual Festival.
Please greet the Rollettes Dance Team.
Steph Aiello, Samantha Lopez, Conner Lundius, Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino, and I Chelsie Hill are performing We Can Together.
We know that gender equality is not just a female issue.
It is a social and economic necessity.
Including people with disabilities in employment benefits companies.
Equality is coming, but we can't just wait to achieve gender parity in the C-suite and close the gender pay gap.
We cannot wait for equality, access, and inclusion for all as we spread our message.
We will promote equity for people with disabilities, communities of color, and LGBTQ communities.
Together, we have an impact.
The Female Quotient helps organizations become a force for change and gain ROE, Return On Equality.
We are promoting equality in the workplace and in media with solutions for change, measurements for accountability, and assisting companies to become equality fit.
We give business leaders research, tools, and experiences to promote equality and publish The Modern Guide to Equality, a manual for starting change.
We look forward to working with Disability Unite and the disability community together.
