Hi, everyone!
This is Andy Arias.
Celebrate ADA 30.
I want to give a shout out to disabilityunite.org.
You put on an amazing event.
Corey and Elizabeth invited me.
It is time to go out and vote.
Your choices and voices matter.
Your voice needs to be heard in November.
Know your polling place.
There may be absentee ballot options available.
We are the largest population.
Go out and vote in November.
Would you notice me?
4 Wheel City presents The Movement.
This is a course.
We travel separately.
All forms of transportation are available.
Make an adjustment.
This is a unique time and space.
4 Wheel City thanks you.
4 Wheel City sells cars.
Thank you.
I told you my name.
I am an ally of disabled people.
We breathe air.
We share space.
We have more in common than we realize.
Have a summer.
Stay safe.
We love you.
Thank you.
See you.
Welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
My name is Gha'il.
I'm happy.
We anticipated this moment.
It Just Had to be Said.
All the artists are protesting 2020.
They tell it like it is.
I finally get a chance.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I wrote and performed Global Libations.
It's a memorial for the gone.
Global Libations is a popular beverage company.
Zazel O'Garra is a force to be reckoned with.
She is powerful.
Nothing can stop her.
Zazel is unstoppable.
She is great.
Her dancers are skilled.
They move effortlessly.
They never stop.
They are determined.
You can see what I'm talking about in Wendy Powell's new piece, "We the People".
Put your hands up.
Get ready!
ZCO Dance Project is coming.
Go.
Hi Andrea.
Welcome to Disability Night.
Thank you.
We honor you.
You are a nurse.
Tell us about yourself and your disability.
I'm the seated nurse.
I graduated nursing school and am a wheelchair user with transverse myelitis.
I stopped walking at 12.
Wow!
You are gifted.
I know you.
You were Miss Wheelchair New York.
Why did you become a nurse?
- I didn't want to be a nurse.
We spoke about representation a long time ago.
I did not see nurses like me.
I wanted to be a doctor.
I wanted to be a lawyer.
I wanted to give back and be of service.
Medical school teaches about treating diseases.
I didn't want to treat someone badly.
I wanted to treat them as a person.
Do you think there were any benefits of being a nurse in a chair when meeting patients?
- Oh, absolutely.
You bring a perspective that someone might not have.
Disability is often called "the death sentence."
Life goes on outside the four walls of a hospital or clinic.
You are giving them hope.
It's a different perspective.
We are innovators.
We can think ahead.
Exactly.
You were on the front lines.
Tell us about it and your experiences.
COVID hit New York like a tornado.
Lives have been lost, people are sick and recovering, and this journey will never end.
They say it's the new normal, right?
I do not want this.
We want freedom.
We don't want our loved ones to be sick.
We understand this life a little bit more.
We can adapt to it more.
We know what this is like.
Share.
We have to get through this together.
Exactly.
Give advice during the pandemic.
People have been isolated from their normal routines.
Give advice for a healthy lifestyle.
Avoid big crowds.
Wear a mask.
Wash your hands.
Don't miss appointments.
You are jeopardizing your health if you stay away from clinics and hospitals.
Make sure you get treatments from your physician.
We want to keep healthy.
We need to follow up with our physicians.
I am a nurse who has experienced COVID in many settings and I can assure you that all precautions are being taken to keep us safe.
Take care of yourselves.
Go outside.
Call a friend.
You are not alone.
Yes.
Give advice to someone younger about health care.
You were accepted into the community.
It was an uphill battle.
Disability does not equal inability.
I can still be of service to you.
We try to put ablestic biases on ourselves.
How can you do something?
We do things differently.
We can be innovative in finding solutions for people with different abilities.
Ask for help or do it yourself.
Everyone's perception of us does not define us.
You get to choose how to enter this field.
No one else decides.
That's beautiful.
Where will Andrea be in 10 years?
I am studying a master's in nursing education.
I want to give back.
People in health care should understand disability.
Treat and understand.
That's beautiful.
Thank you, Andrea Dalzell.
You are a visionary, educator, and inspiration.
I thank you for helping to push our community forward, and I am inspired by you every day.
We wish you the best of luck.
Thank you Corey.
Thank you.
Take care.
Bye.
Full Radius Dance is taking the stage next.
Full Radius Dance is based in Atlanta.
The company believes in inclusion in the performing arts.
Full Radius Dance performs in many locations.
The company will be performing Re-Emerge.
Full Radius Dance created Re-Emerge in response to COVID-19.
We will re-emerge.
Douglas Scott is the artistic director of Re-Emerge.
Full Radius Dance can be found online at www.fullradiusdance.org and on Twitter and Instagram at @FullRadiusDance.
Jeff Tweedy is introducing Gaelynn Lea.
We met at a festival in Montana.
Gaelynn was a person who easily made friends and family.
She opened for Wilco.
She won a Tiny Desk Concert in 2016.
She does a show every Sunday on YouTube.
She has infinite energy.
I love her.
I can't wait for you to see her perform.
Hello!
My name is Justin Cooper.
It is an honor.
I am thankful for Disability Unite.
We usually celebrate Disability Pride Month with parades and events.
We changed our strategies due to COVID.
We worked on a video in Chicago.
We met with members of Disability Unite.
We talked about our parade plans.
We discussed collaborating together and how it would affect our disability communities.
I worked with disability organizations across the country.
We take pride in being who we are and supporting each other.
We have been looking after each other.
We should love, fight, and support each other.
We must create awareness by organizing disability pride parades and festivals for the future.
I thank you.
I want to thank Matt and Elizabeth Axel.
We look forward to working with you.
Thank you.
I hope this is a good festival.
Let's celebrate disability pride.
Thank you.
Hey guys!
It is Lachi.
We celebrate our community.
The disability community is intersectional.
I'm a triple threat.
I'm a beautiful woman.
We are diverse.
We're creative and full of love.
We are grateful for regulation that has recognized us for 30 years.
Hi, my name is Laura Benanti.
Evan is from New Jersey.
He started tapping at age 5.
He amputated his leg.
He tapped again two days after receiving his peg leg.
He is courageous.
He is still able to perform for many luminaries.
That's amazing.
He was nominated for the Chita Rivera Dance Award.
He is incredible.
He's very nice.
Thanks for having me.
I'm Thomas Ellenson and I'm pleased to introduce Ryan Niemiller.
I wrote my own material.
I do not consider myself to be a disabled actor or comedian.
Disability is part of my life.
My humor is not confined.
Ryan was saved by laughter.
Kids can be cruel.
Using wit is a great tool.
Ryan is known as the Cripple Threat.
Ryan described the power of laughter.
I am pleased to introduce Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller from America's Got Talent.
Everyone was thanked.
Hello.
I'm Victor Calise.
Welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
We present you with a program.
I thank the members of New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and Access For All for making this event possible.
We organized a celebration.
Our country is in upheaval.
Our community rose up to overcome.
We are stronger together.
All people must have equal access to opportunity.
We celebrate the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action.
We are grateful for the disability accommodations we have today.
We recognize our nation's communities of color and LGBTQ community.
We owe a debt of gratitude and continue to support them.
Disability rights have improved since ADA.
We have much to celebrate.
We celebrate our community at the Disability Unite Festival.
This is a platform to further advance equity and inclusion.
Distance does not define a community.
We all contain community.
We demonstrate our culture in many ways.
We are strong.
We have made progress in disability rights.
Enjoy the festival.
Disability Pride Month is celebrated.
We welcome you.
We will highlight artists.
The ADA is necessary.
Disabled people may want to make art.
We need access to do it.
We see many artists and arts groups today.
The ADA isn't enough.
Disability artistry imagines access as a series of practices.
It begins now.
Hi, my name is Miranda Hoffner.
I work at Lincoln Center.
I'm delighted to share two pieces.
We have worked with Heidi Latsky Dance at Lincoln Center for many years.
We respect her work.
SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30 is a piece.
Fifteen artists, disabled and nondisabled, are sharing their experience in isolation.
Enjoy!
Lincoln Center created an ADA in the Arts Video Series.
Queens Theater is collaborating with Queens Theater for All Initiative.
A team of disabled artists performed, wrote and directed a virtual reading of "Death Bites" by Makena Metz.
We hope you enjoy it.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Cokely.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist.
He has a great future ahead of him.
Jackson Santi is performing his original work.
We want to let you know that singing brings us close.
Everyone is welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
The Disability Unite Festival began as a project.
Project Access for All is a community consortium.
Our community is celebrating a festival.
Victor Calise is the leader of New York City.
He put together an incredible team.
They are seeing New York City through the pandemic.
We worked together.
Each city is helping the other during these difficult times.
This crisis has a positive outcome.
Disability groups have grown rapidly.
The ADA is celebrating its 30th anniversary and Disabled in Action is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
Jean Ryan is here to start the Disability Unite Festival.
DIA, or Disabled in Action, works to end discrimination against all people with disabilities.
Would you like to say a few words, Jean?
You're welcome.
We have had 50 years of meetings.
You remarked about Commissioner Calise's role.
He was appointed to the MTA Board.
The community lobbied for Commissioner Calise's appointment.
We must secure our place at the table and foster strong leadership.
I am excited.
DIA has the support of thousands.
I agree.
We have the power.
We hope everyone enjoys the festival.
Hi, my name is Chelsie Hill.
I founded the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team consists of amazing women with different disabilities.
We will empower women with disabilities.
We have been featured on many media outlets.
Please visit RollettesDance.com and follow us on social media.
We are excited.
Please welcome the Rollettes.
We performed We Can Together.
Gender equality is not a female issue.
It is imperative.
Including people with disabilities in employment is beneficial for a company's success.
Equality is coming, but we can't wait long.
We cannot wait for equality and inclusion.
We will push forward the message of equity.
We have impact.
The Female Quotient helps organizations achieve ROE.
We are advancing equality.
We promote equality.
We look forward to collaborating.