The sudanese military and the janjaweed are the two main sides of the armed conflict in Sudan.
Jeddah is the most important gate to Mecca, and able-bodied Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune's methane cloud deck is thought to represent a hole in the cloud deck.
On Saturday, he had an especially eventful day in his life as he worked on his next project.
The tarantula fastened the black cord to the ball, crawling away to the east.
He died six weeks later on January 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 since 2000.
The dancers follow the drummers.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the Cassini orbiter and the Huygens probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942, in Italy. He is a former football player and currently a manager.
The larger crater was filled with the smaller pieces of debris that were thrown up by the collision.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology.
The BZÖ differs slightly from the Freedom Party in their support of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty, but they are opposed to an EU withdrawal.
Many species of animals and plants vanished during the 19th century, with European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
NRC is now an independent, private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated.
Fives is a sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
The national museum of Scotland merged both of the names in 2007.
He also emulation various styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero by pinfall after a diving elbow drop in the European Championship match.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
The complex sentence is a simple combination of two words, despina and july.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack and other curious yarns, and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the voyager 2, Ophelia appears as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East Corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian Border almost as far as Cairuna, do not follow Australian Western Time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays. These have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Ratchet and clank go to search for the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.
This is not a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported me and the administrator who blocked me are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
The working group assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the little Minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008.
There are a number of formal minor planet designations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30 and a weakening trend began.
Every entry has a datum, a nugget of data, and a copy of the datum in some back--up store.
Because many mosques do not enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988, in Bristol, England. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment reports are similar to the previous ones, but include three from working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
Victoria continued to use the standard letter stamp for the remainder of her reign.
The international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first mma league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron "buck" williams.
This is the east side of the mouth of the Vistula River.
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke.
Weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
So far, the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gibson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
The Voyager 1 space probe discovered an image of Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance released their official release date on 16 June 2009.
He is also a member of another boyband.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, specifies that hallel psalms are sung with alligator tears as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
The voice of America is America.
Disney received a full-sized Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
The first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft was the asteroid Vesta.
The administrative district of Hinterrhein is located in the canton of Graubünden.
Bohemia is a part of the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when a value of 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
There have been many reports of ethics in scholarship since the incident.
To castrate an animal results in it being less stubborn and more docile.
Seventh sons have magical abilities and are extremely rare.
Benchmarking the 2009 version of Norton Antivirus showed that it had an install time of 52 seconds, a scan time of 32 seconds, and a memory utilization of 7mb.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other. However, it has recently been found that itch has several features in common with pain, and that it exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the mucous that is present. This helps to move and catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at the Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
variety is the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
The commune of vouvray-sur-huisne is located in the sarthe department of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, people build buildings along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
People want to explore cooktown, capeYork Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises are not typically dangerous and often induce pain.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was also a kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
Chitin is the strongest natural material in the world and is also the most brittle.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets for national rail services can be retailed for the docklands light railway and on the oyster card.
These are the works that he created and published himself, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
Historians use primary sources and other evidence to research history.
The high oxygen concentration in the lake is thought to be due to the weight of the icecap above it.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
People who are alliterate often find other activities more interesting.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used to treat women with heavy menstrual periods.
The fish will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or cares about.
Today, Landis's father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the wage that would be paid to a worker who is at the same level of productivity as the worker in question.
After Haunted Houses: A Practical Guide to Ghost Hunting, they decided to publish their findings in a book and adventure under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled down in London and devoted himself mainly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, and dissipated the next day over Brazil. This caused heavy rains and flooding.
The new York City Housing Authority Police Department was founded in 1952, and operated until 1995.
The band currently features flynn on vocals, guitar, bass, and drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are pete and dud's foul-mouthed extensions.
Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for the Iowa Secretary of State seat and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defied the law and unintentionally initiated a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed all of the visitor centers and campgrounds on the Outer Banks during the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess, in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage exists along the Atlantic coastline and interior of West Virginia.
Because the owner tends to be unaware of their computers' state, their computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
This complex sentence has two parts. The first part is complex, and the second part is simple.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation in the legal system is limited until they reach the age of adulthood.
There are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order was dispatched to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
In the Soviet years, the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den. This is unclear.
If you want to use a wikipedia gadget, you can check the option "Enable wikipedia gadgets" in your preferences.
These links will help you get involved in the complex issue at hand.
He served as the Prime Minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
Nicoleño family was moved to mainland when the rest of theNicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded by early on september 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Braun, died Eva Anna Braun, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
The license version number is given to each version of the software.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account.
He also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
The polestar is a figure of southern influence.
Some animals have chromatic response, which means they change color in different environments. This includes creatures like ermine, snowshoe hare, and cephalopods.
Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the World Wrestling Federation Intercontinental Championship.
Unix philosophy is that multiple programs work together to do one thing well and have universal interfaces.
He is a musician from a musical family.
There are large populations of mennonites in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but they can also be found in tightly knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
Naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
The armour of Acanthopholis consists of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, Vlad spent time living with his new wife in Hungary.
You may add a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection Nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France.
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The government of Thailand called for the resignation of three leaders, who were accused of being proxies for Thaksin Shinawatra.
If you're looking for a fast and difficult journey through remote areas, you'll need to have a vehicle that can handle a4WD. This will usually require advance planning and a reliable four-wheel drive.
Kahn was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s
Battalions being formed for the xi international brigade were absorbed into the unit.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772.
In December, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter.
The list of accepted species is growing by 95 every day.
The word " eugowra" is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
In English, terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are often heard.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha. The death of Minnehaha, the overture to the song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's departure.
The capital of Brazil is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to become a lawyer.
It is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Pocket calculators were first invented in the 1940s.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, and a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud. Overall thickness is reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
The Hall of Fame is filled with defenseman, more than any other position.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout history, but they have all been rejected by mainstream Christian organizations.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are long and thin at the ankle
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. Suleman cited Stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio as the reason for the decision.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons' IPO by March."
Plot Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters - " never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil that has been around for millions of years.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
In 1913, Sergei Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet.
protests across the nation were suppressed by the government
offenbach's numerous operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
The roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang An.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was very difficult to control.
Saint Mary's Church, located in Assisi, is the earliest extant church in the city.
Radar observations indicate that the composition of the object is very pure iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the installations of the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
In the manga series, graystripe is a tom that was taken by twolegs and then returned to his clan in the sight.
The Syrians did not gather in urban enclaves. Many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had several health problems during her childhood, including a collapsed lung, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Integrated circuits can be used to build small value inductors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
A club can injure someone with blunt force trauma.
The county administration was conducted at Duns until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
Skaters have not yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour by telephone.
even though one may not intentions of praying, there are still rules that apply.
The rabbit is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a small animal.
Computer performance can be described by how much work the computer system can do compared to how much time and resources are used.
The Volga River is a long, wide and deep river that flows through Russia.
The cross is a symbol of monasteries in the region.
Human skin can have a variety of different hues.
The bankers from shorebank helped Yunus incorporation the bank under a grant from the Ford foundation.
Bremer Plans to Put Saddam On Trial, But Claimed That the Details of Such a Trial Had Not Yet Been Determined
Representatives of the professional hockey writers' association voted on the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and China border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design features key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The Fourth Ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera painting by Sandro Botticelli is a painting of early Renaissance art.
Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales.
The polymer most often used is epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name of the related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website remain unchanged after the demise of the magazine.
At four years old, he was left on the streets of northern Italy for four years. He lived in various orphanages and roamed through towns with other homeless children.
The stands were added to help spectators see the game more clearly.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market.
The bastion was built later to help protect the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson, a Viking king, was killed in a battle on July 29th, 2019. This event, known as the Battle of Stiklestad, happened in Norway.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries because of this.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only for reasons that are good.
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Adiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
A politician is someone who represents a community or area in which they live.
Prunk is a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn and a member of the institute of european history in Mainz.
Stallion had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The cast and crew of the new movie ' hovercraft ' traveled to north of Santa Clarita to shoot a scene.
The conference papers were published in a book titled " foundations of employment and inflation theory" by Phelps et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with the game "super mario land 3".
François Chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
The efficacy of Quinine allowed colonists to swarm into new areas in West Africa and other parts of the Americas.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates a stony surface composition.
She became the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel.
Mercury is a small and battered planet with a heavily cratered surface, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These ideal habitats provide excellent places for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan Governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister must win the support of the lower house in order to stay in office.
For Harry, this scene is important because it shows his bravery and selflessness. By retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his compassionate nature.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper Florida Keys.
The temple complex of Meher Baba's samadhi is now the site of a shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its former glory.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been discovered.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean. It is approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
On April 6, 1862, Ben was arrested by the police on orders from Inspector Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
Version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb with a user's configuration and personal data saved.
In approximate relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: the free democratic party, the christian democratic people's party, the social democratic party, and the swiss people's party.
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
The Ohio State Library System includes 21 libraries located on the Columbus campus.
Both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album include " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary depending on the person. Some people have a medium brown body, while others have a gold-ish or beige-white body. Occasionally, there may be dark brown spots on the body.
The Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, before being canceled soon after landfall.
The San Diego Union Tribune alleged in 2003 that US Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guard forces during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles provide audiences with information about the film's plot and how it affects the viewer.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral for raising capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to routine.
Joss Whedon has confirmed that "Fray is not done", and that it is coming back.
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
In the 16th century, civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was for seven years transportation to Australia.
Sebastian found Charles in search of love in those days when he first met Charles.
She was very close friends with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin. This contributed to her life in many ways.
The term "dorsal" refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal.
The term "protein" itself was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
The gang lay low for 16 months after thejerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
The color range of oranges extends from the yellow end to the orange end.
In 1963 an extension was added to the subway system, curving north from Union Station to near University Avenue and Queen's Park. It turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert.
The portage trail leads west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
Mesoamerica is a large region that includes a lot of different landscapes.
Google later made the comic available on Google Books and their site, and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
In 1985, the book, Political Economy, was published but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the Spring of 1990 for their First-ever Performance in the Soviet Union.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
Nigeria is the economic center of north Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
south indians aremostly speaking one of the five dravidian languages.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
When the WWF cavalry turned around, Kane and Jericho were attacked.
The song most written by Richard Sherman and Robert Sherman is "I Can't Quit You Baby".
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920, including the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancient astronomers to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the television show.
The ABC network aired Complex's episodes from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can then be used in more stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton, Iowa, United States
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the gameboy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis.
The vagina is incredibly elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be in 1935-1939.
The amount of a drug or other substance needed to inhibit a process or component of a process is measured using a quantitative measure, such as inhibition constants.
The company is headquartered in the city of Bern, but a large portion of their business is located in the adjacent canton of Valais.
The father had one daughter, baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
When interviewed, Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as one of his favorite artists. He lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle: an electron, a photon, a gluon, and so on.
Gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's "Mutiny on the Bounty."
