Hello, everyone.
Andy Arias is an actor and advocate.
Celebrate ADA 30.
I want to give a shout out to disabilityunite.org.
Thank you for hosting such an amazing event.
Corey and Elizabeth invited me to do this. Thank you.
It is almost November, so it is time to vote!
Your choices and your voices are important now.
Everyone should use their voice in November, no matter their political beliefs.
Know where your polling places are.
There are absentee ballot options, and other options depending on the situation.
We are the largest population, so it is time that all minorities and majorities have the same voice and choices.
Remember to go out and vote in November.
Would you notice me if I didn't speak up?
4 Wheel City is hosting The Movement.
This is a course to refresh knowledge.
Are we all traveling in separate vehicles?
Cars, trucks, bicycles, wheelchairs, motorized wheelchairs, canes, and crutches.
Please be aware and adjust so we can all reach our destinations.
I said this is a unique time and space.
4 Wheel City thanks everyone.
4 Wheel City is a place.
Thank you for spending the evening with us.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, as previously mentioned.
I am an ally of disabled people.
Everyone breathes the same air.
We all occupy the same space.
Maya Angelou said we have more in common than we think.
Have a great summer.
Be safe.
We adore you.
Thank you for joining us again.
I'll see you again.
Welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin is my name.
I am delighted to be here with you tonight.
We have all been waiting for this moment.
The moment is called "It Just Had to be Said".
The next segment will show how the artists, including myself, are protesting 2020 with fear, outrage, and defiance, redefining our identities.
These artists show it to you and tell you how it is.
I finally get to tell you about myself.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin and I am a performance spoken-word artist.
I wrote and performed a piece called Global Libations.
This memorial remembers the heroes and sheroes that are no longer with us, those who have left their families behind.
Global Libations is a company.
Zazel O'Garra, founder and artistic director of ZCO Dance Project, is powerful.
She is a strong influence in the art world.
Nothing can stop her.
Zazel can't be held down.
She is amazing.
Her dancers can defy gravity.
They can move through space and time easily.
They seem unable to stop.
They are determined to overcome all odds.
You can experience what I'm talking about in the new piece "We the People", which is choreographed by Wendy Powell.
Raise your hands.
Be prepared.
ZCO Dance Project is here.
Go ZCO.
Hi Andrea.
Welcome to the Disability Night platform.
Thank you for coming today.
We are honored to have you.
You are called the seated nurse.
Could you tell us a bit about yourself and your disability?
I'm the seated nurse.
They never seem to stop.
They are determined and will not let anything stand in their way.
You can witness what I'm talking about in the new piece "We the People" which was choreographed by Wendy Powell.
Raise your hands.
Be prepared.
ZCO Dance Project is here.
Go, ZCO!
Hello, Andrea.
Welcome to the Disability Night platform.
Thank you for coming today.
We are honored to have you.
You are the seated nurse.
Could you tell us about yourself and your disability?
I'm the nurse sitting here.
I'm the first registered nurse in New York City who has a wheelchair and graduated from nursing school. I also have transverse myelitis.
I wanted to treat them as a person, so I chose nursing.
Do you think there were any benefits to being in a wheelchair as a nurse when you meet patients?
- Absolutely!
If you are in a seated position or have a disability, you can bring a perspective that others may not have.
Disability is often said to be "the death sentence."
When someone with a disability becomes a nurse, their patients see that life is possible outside of the hospital or clinic walls.
You are giving them a new lease on life and hope that a doctor or nurse without a disability cannot provide.
It is definitely a different point of view.
We're innovators, so we have a perk.
We know how to think 20 steps ahead.
Yes.
You recently faced the COVID-19 crisis.
Could you tell us about your experiences?
COVID hit New York like a tornado.
Many people have died, are sick, and are recovering from the virus, and this will be an ongoing journey.
They say it's the new normal, right?
I do not want this to be normal.
We want to avoid lock-down.
We don't want our loved ones to get sick or experience what COVID does to our bodies.
We with disabilities already know what it is like to be excluded and scared of going to hospitals or clinics. So, we understand this life a bit more.
We can adjust to it more than the general public.
We get to say that we know what this is like.
Tell your stories.
Help each other to get through this, as we must all go through it together.
Yes.
What advice would you give our community during this pandemic?
Many people have been isolated, which is different from their usual routines.
What advice would you give to them to live a healthy life?
Don't be in big crowds right now.
Wear a mask if you must go out.
Wash your hands.
Don't forget your appointments, OK?
Avoiding clinics and hospitals puts your health at risk.
Make sure to go to your doctors and get the treatments you need.
We want to stay healthy.
We need to follow up with our physicians to do that.
As a nurse who has been in all of these buildings and at the bedside during the peak of COVID, I can assure you that every precaution is being taken to keep us safe when we go into those settings.
Make sure to take care of yourselves.
Go outside.
Call someone.
You are not alone in this.
Yes.
What advice would you give to a young person wanting to become a nurse or work in healthcare?
It was probably not easy for you to be understood and accepted into that community.
It was a hard fight.
This profession should understand that disability does not mean inability, correct?
Even though I'm seated, I can still help you.
We even put limits on ourselves within our own community, like thinking we can't do something because it's for people who walk or believing we can't lift something.
What are these questions about?
We do things differently.
We can come up with innovative solutions for all kinds of abilities, whether it's hearing or vision impairments, standing, using crutches, or lifting difficulties.
You may need help, or you may be able to do it alone.
We shouldn't let other people's perception of us define us, right?
You can choose how to enter this field and decide what your story will be.
Nobody else can decide that.
That is beautiful.
Where will Andrea be in 10 years?
I am currently doing a master's in nursing education and I hope to get a doctorate of nursing practice in the near future.
I want to give back to our community.
It is very important to have people in health care who understand disabilities and can treat them.
To treat and understand, not just treat and not understand.
It's beautiful.
Thank you, Andrea Dalzell, for joining us at Disability Unite today.
You are a visionary, educator, and inspiration to many people.
You are a great help to our community, so I thank you. I'm inspired by you every day.
We appreciate you being here today and wish you luck. We will be following you.
Corey, thank you.
Thank you all.
Be careful.
Goodbye.
Full Radius Dance is next on the stage.
Full Radius Dance is based in Atlanta. It is made up of professional dancers with and without physical disabilities.
The company shows that inclusion in the performing arts, especially dance, can create power, passion, and innovation.
Full Radius Dance performs often in Atlanta, and in other places around the world.
The company will do Re-Emerge which is the first part of a series called Return.
To respond to self-quarantine due to COVID-19, Full Radius Dance created Re-Emerge with music by Andrew Choe.
How will we come back?
Douglas Scott is the artistic director of Re-Emerge and the dancers choreograph it.
Full Radius Dance's website is www.fullradiusdance.org. Their Twitter and Instagram accounts are @FullRadiusDance.
Jeff Tweedy from Wilco is here to introduce Gaelynn Lea, the next performer.
We met a few years ago at a festival in Montana.
When you meet Gaelynn, you feel like you already know them and you're friends or family.
She has performed before Wilco.
In 2016, she earned a Tiny Desk Concert and then traveled with her husband.
She has performed in 45 states and nine countries. She does a show on YouTube every Sunday.
She has endless energy to make the world better.
I adore her.
I'm excited for you to see her perform.
Hi, everyone.
My name is Justin Cooper, and I am on the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee.
It is an honor to be in this wonderful virtual festival.
I am grateful to Disability Unite for giving me the chance to talk to you all.
During Disability Pride Month, we usually show our disability pride with parades and events throughout the country.
Because of COVID, we have all changed our strategies on how we showcase our events.
In Chicago, we made a video with our committee members to show what the disability pride parade and the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act mean to them.
Disability Unite joined us during a meeting about the video process.
We talked about our plans for the parade and their plans for the virtual festival.
We talked about collaborating and what it would mean for our disability communities.
To me, that meant collaborating with disability organizations in Chicago, New York and other places in the United States.
People with disabilities take pride in being themselves, showing solidarity, and supporting each other during the pandemic.
We have been taking care of each other and providing resources to live our lives and be a part of the community.
We must keep loving, fighting, and supporting each other during these times.
We should organize disability pride parades and festivals to create awareness and keep doing this for many years.
I thank you for letting me have this time.
I want to thank Matt and Elizabeth Axel for contacting the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee and Disability Unite.
The committee looks forward to working with you all soon.
Thank you for letting me do this.
I hope this festival is great today.
Let's have a good time and celebrate disability pride.
You're welcome.
Hi everyone.
Its name is Lachi.
We're here to celebrate our community and how great we all are.
The disability community has many intersecting elements.
I'm a triple threat, not just in acting, singing, and writing.
I'm black, blind, and beautiful.
We have a lot of diversity.
We are creative and loving.
We are thankful for the regulation that has acknowledged us for 30 years. Let's hope for 30-times-30 years more.
Hi, my name is Laura Benanti. It is an honor to introduce Evan Ruggiero to you.
Evan is from New Jersey-- Jersey for life!
He began tapping at age 5. As a sophomore at Montclair State University, he was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.
He had nine surgeries in six months and had to amputate his leg.
Two days after getting a peg leg, 18 months after surgery, he was tapping again.
He is very brave and inspiring.
He is gifted, and he still performs for people like Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, and at the Oscars.
Incredible!
He was nominated for the Drama Desk and Chita Rivera Dance Awards.
He is amazing.
He is also very friendly, which is very important.
Thank you for inviting me, and here he is.
I'm Thomas Ellenson and I'm excited to introduce Ryan Niemiller. He is a hilarious comedian and a leader for disabled actors and comics.
I copied his example and wrote my own material because I knew that if I didn't do this, people would not give me the chance to be hired.
Also, like Ryan, I do not think of myself as a disabled actor or comedian.
Disability does not define my life.
My humor is not only from it. It is just one of the sources.
Ryan has said in interviews that laughter saved him.
Children can be mean if someone looks or talks differently than them.
Wit can be a great tool to use right away when bullies might make fun.
Ryan is known as the Cripple Threat--the Power of Humor.
Ryan has talked about how laughter can bring people together and bring joy to life, including his own.
I am pleased to introduce Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller from America's Got Talent.
Thank you all.
Hi, everyone!
My name is Victor Calise, and I am the Commissioner of the Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities.
Welcome to the first Disability Unite Festival.
We are excited to give you a great program of music, dance, art, discussion, gaming, and more.
I'd like to thank New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and Access For All for making this event happen.
With our community partners, we have organized a great celebration during this hard time.
Our country is going through a time of upheaval, change, challenge, and sadness.
I have seen our community rise up to overcome.
We are stronger when we work together and succeed together.
This event celebrates the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, a law that states all people are equal and have equal access to opportunity.
We are also celebrating the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action (DIA). DIA is a civil rights organization from New York City.
Today, we thank the leaders of DIA who protested, had sit-ins, and even chained themselves to buses so that we can have the disability accommodations that we have now.
We honor communities of color and LGBTQ community, because they support and strengthen each other.
The disability rights movement is stronger because of other civil rights movements, and we should thank them and keep supporting them.
Since ADA was passed and signed, disability rights have improved greatly in all aspects of life.
We have a lot to be happy about this July, but we need to keep fighting for what we believe in.
The Disability Unite Festival celebrates our community, individuality, and the things that make us unique and amazing.
At the same time, this platform works to increase equity and inclusion for all.
Distance does not limit a community, even when we are apart.
Community exists within us.
Our identity is seen in the way we talk, act, love, and stand up for ourselves, our families, friends, and neighbors.
We are stronger as a community than we realize.
We have made progress in the fight for disability rights, and we will keep fighting until everyone has the same access and opportunity.
Now, enjoy the festival and I hope to be together in person next year.
Celebrate Disability Pride Month!
Miranda Hoffner and I are glad to have you here for this part of the show.
We will feature artists from many genres at different stages of their careers.
We need the ADA for our work.
It suggests that disabled people might want to make art.
It gives us the access we need to do it.
That is why there are many different artists and arts groups today.
The ADA isn't enough.
Disability artistry makes us think of access as a set of practices, instead of just regulations.
Our future starts now.
My name is Miranda Hoffner.
I am the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
I'm excited to show you two pieces we commissioned for our ADA in the Arts series.
Our first partner is Heidi Latsky Dance, which we have worked with at Lincoln Center for a long time.
We respect her work.
The piece is called SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30.
Fifteen disabled and nondisabled artists are showing us their experience in isolation.
Have fun.
The next piece is part of Lincoln Center's ADA in the Arts Video Series.
This collaboration with Queens Theater includes the Queens Theater for All Initiative.
"Death Bites," written by Makena Metz, is a virtual reading performed, written and directed by disabled artists.
We hope you like it.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Cokely. I'm the director of the Disability Justice Initiative at the Center for American Progress.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist from Chicago who is starting out in his career.
When you hear his poem, you will know that he has a bright future ahead of him.
Jackson Santi is performing his original work, "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
I'm Ricky McKinnie, and I'm speaking for the Blind Boys of Alabama. We want you to know that singing makes us feel close.
Welcome to the first-ever Disability Unite Festival! This is the intersection of everything about us with us.
The Disability Unite Festival was started by the Disability Community Consortium Project Access for All and the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities in honor of the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Project Access for All is a community consortium with many people and organizations working together.
This is a festival for and by our community.
Victor Calise, New York City's Commissioner, made this possible, as you just heard.
He assembled an incredible team.
They are living through the coronavirus pandemic in New York City, and Jonathan Novick hosts weekly phone calls to keep communication going.
We, the disability community, got to know each other better and worked together.
Each city has used the national network of Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities to help each other during this difficult time.
This crisis had a positive outcome.
Disability groups from the country and world have quickly grown in community and partnership.
This year marks the 30th anniversary of the ADA and the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action.
We are honored to have Jean Ryan, the president of Disability Unite, here to do the virtual ribbon cutting and start the first Disability Unite Festival.
Disabled In Action (DIA) is a civil rights organization that works to end discrimination against people with disabilities and remove barriers that stop them from having equal rights in American society.
Jean, do you want to say something?
You're welcome.
We have had 50 years of meetings, emails, lawsuits, sit-ins, and some arrests.
You mentioned Commissioner Calise's role in our community, Matt.
I want to highlight his appointment to the Metropolitan Transit Authority Board or the MTA.
The community worked together to get Commissioner Calise appointed because of her experience and knowledge.
It is important to always have a seat at the table. We also need to cultivate our leadership to get people like Commissioner Calise appointed.
I am enthusiastic about Disability Unite.
Thousands of disabled people and non-disabled allies support DIA, giving us power.
I completely agree, Jean.
We can make the changes we need together.
We wish everyone a great time at the Disability Unite Festival and hope you join us in creativity, fun, friendship, and taking action to create a place of equality, access, and inclusion for everyone, including people with disabilities.
My name is Chelsie Hill.
I founded the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team consists of amazing women with a variety of disabilities, but they do not let their disability define them.
Our mission is to help disabled women live freely and change perspective with dance.
We have been on NowThis, Huffington Post, BuzzFeed, Today Show, Good Morning America, Instagram, and the Ellen Show.
To find out more about us, visit RollettesDance.com and follow us on social media.
We are excited to join Disability Unite Virtual Festival.
Welcome the Rollettes Dance Team.
Steph Aiello, Samantha Lopez, Conner Lundius, Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino, and I Chelsie Hill performed We Can Together.
Gender equality is not just a female issue.
It is important socially and economically.
Incorporating people with disabilities into employment is not only about equality; it's also good for business and can lead to success.
We cannot wait over 100 years to have gender parity in the C-suite and over 257 years to end the gender pay gap.
We cannot wait for equality, access, and inclusion for all as we spread our message.
We will promote equity for people with disabilities, communities of color, and LGBTQ communities.
Together, we have influence.
The Female Quotient helps organizations reach ROE (Return On Equality) by being a catalyst for change.
We are working to create equality in the workplace and media by finding solutions, measuring progress, and aiding companies to become equality fit.
We give business leaders resources and experiences to advance equality and we release The Modern Guide to Equality, a playbook for making change.
We are excited to work with Disability Unite and the disability community together.
