Hi.
Andy Arias is an actor advocate.
Happy ADA 30!
Disability unite.org is a great resource for information on disabilities.
Thank you for putting on the event.
Thank you to Corey and Elizabeth for inviting me to this.
It is time to go out and vote.
Choose wisely.
Your voice needs to be heard in November.
Go to the polling place.
There are many ways to vote, including absentee ballots.
We should all be equal in our voices and in our choices.
Vote in November.
If I don't speak up, you will notice me.
The Movement will be presented at 4 Wheel City.
This is a refreshers course.
We travel in separate vehicles, right?
Wheelchairs
Please adjust so that we can all get to our destination.
This is a unique time and place.
Thank you for 4 Wheel City.
4 Wheel City is a theme park located in Forth Worth, Texas.
Thank you for spending time with us.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I am an ally of disabled people.
We all breathe air.
We are all in the same place.
We have a lot in common.
Have a great summer!
Be safe.
I love you.
Thank you.
I'll see you next time.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
I am Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I am happy to be here with you this evening.
We're all waiting for this moment.
It's a sentence that has a powerful title.
Artists in this next segment are protesting 2020.
These artists bring it to you straight.
I am a student.
I am a performance spoken-word artist.
Global Libations is a song about the universal human experience of drinking.
A memorial is a place where people come to remember people who have died.
Global libations are a mix of different types of alcohol.
Zazel O'Garra, founder and artistic director of the ZCO Dance Project, is a powerful figure in the dance world.
She is an influential artist.
She is not pulled back or slowed down by anything.
Zazel cannot be held down.
She is an amazing dynamite.
The dancers defy gravity.
They move through space and time.
They keep on going.
They are determined.
Choreographed by Wendy Powell, you'll get a chance to see what I'm talking about in this new piece, "We the People".
Put your hands in the air.
Get ready to go.
ZCO Dance Project is streaming live right now.
Go!
Hi.
This is a platform for people with disabilities.
Thank you for coming today.
We are very honored to have you.
You are the seated nurse.
I have a disability and I love it.
I am the seated nurse.
I'm the first registered nurse here in New York City to graduate out of nursing school and use a wheelchair.
I stopped walking when I was twelve years old.
- Wow!This is an impressive sight.
You are talented.
I have known you for a long time.
You were Miss Wheelchair New York.
I wanted to help people and make them feel better.
I didn't always want to be a nurse.
We spoke about representation a long time ago.
I didn't see people that looked like nurses that looked like me.
I wanted to be a doctor. I loved the idea of helping people and making a difference in their lives.
I wanted to be a lawyer before that.
I wanted to give back and be of service to someone else, so I thought about it a lot.
Medical school teaches you how diseases progress through the body.
I didn't want to treat someone like they were a problem.
I wanted to take care of them as if they were a person. Nursing fit right in there.
As a nurse in a chair, was there any benefit to being relatable to patients?
100%Yes, absolutely.
You are bringing a perspective that somebody might not have, right?
Disability is often deemed to be the death sentence.
But when you come into nursing and you have a disability, the person knows that life goes on outside of the four walls of a hospital or outside the four walls of a clinic.
You're giving them a new lease on life.
It's different from what I'm used to.
And we're innovators, so there's a perk to that.
We think ahead by using 20 steps.
Yes.
You were on the front lines of the COVID-19 crisis.
I am a student and I have had experiences with that.
- COVID, a major city in New York, experienced a tornado.
The amount of lives lost, the amount of those who are sick, and the amount of those who are recovering are all going to be an ongoing journey.
It's the new thing, they say, right?
I don't want this.
We don't want to be in lockdown.
We don't want our loved ones to be sick or have to go through what COVID is doing to our bodies.
As disabled people know all too well, life can be very difficult without access to necessary services.
We are able to adapt to it a little bit more than the general public.
And we know what this is like.
Tell us about your experiences.
Let's help each other get through this.
Exactly.
Follow the advice of your health care provider.
I know some people have been isolated.
You should maintain a healthy lifestyle by eating a balanced diet and exercising.
I try to avoid big crowds.
Wear a mask if you have to be out.
Wash your hands.
Appointments must be made.
You are jeopardizing your health by staying away from clinics and hospitals.
Make sure you're still seeing your doctors and getting the treatment you need.
We want to stay healthy.
We need to follow up with our physicians.
And I am a nurse who has been in all of these buildings and been at the bedside during COVID, so I know that they are taking every precaution to make sure that we are staying healthy when we enter into those settings.
Take care of yourself.
Get out.
Call somebody.
I am here for you.
Yes, I would definitely recommend it.
If you're interested in nursing or working in the health care industry, start by studying to become a registered nurse or a certified nurse assistant. There are a lot of opportunities available, so don't be afraid to go out and look for them. Be sure to keep up your education and stay up-to-date on the latest trends in the health care field.
I imagine it wasn't easy for you to be understood and accepted into this community.
It was an uphill battle.
This is still a profession that needs to understand that people with disabilities are capable of doing the same job as anyone else.
I am here to help in any way possible.
I think that we often put our own biases in place, thinking that we can't do something because we don't walk or we can't lift.
How can you do something?
We do things differently.
We have different ways of coming up with solutions to problems that affect people with different abilities.
Sometimes you need help, and sometimes you can do it on your own.
Remember that everyone's perception of us is not what defines us.
To succeed in this field, you need to choose the right path and have the will to succeed.
No one else gets to choose that.
It's beautiful.
I see Andrea in 10 years from now.
I am currently studying a master's in nursing education. I hope to eventually become a doctorate of nursing practice.
I would love to give back to our community.
We need doctors and other health professionals who understand how disability affects people.
Treat and understand.
That's nice.
Andrea Dalzell is with us today.
You are a visionary, an educator, and a source of inspiration to many people.
Thank you for being a part of our community and helping to push it forward.
We wish you the best of luck.
You're welcome, Corey.
Thank you
Be careful.
Bye.
Next up is Full Radius Dance.
Full Radius Dance is a dance company made up of professionals and non-professionals with disabilities.
The company believes that inclusion of dance in the performing arts creates power, passion, and innovation.
Full Radius Dance has a busy performance schedule.
The company will perform Re-Emerge, the first in a three-part series.
Re-Emerge is a new full-length dance film created by Full Radius Dance in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
We will re-emerge when we have a new plan.
The dancers under the artistic direction of Douglas Scott choreograph Re-Emerge.
You can find Full Radius Dance online at www.fullradiusdance.org.
Gaelynn Lea is the next performer.
We met at a festival in Montana a few years ago.
Gaelynn is one of the people that you feel immediately comfortable with.
She has opened up for Wilco.
She won a Tiny Desk Concert in 2016, and then she hit the road with her husband.
She does a show every Sunday on YouTube.
She has a lot of energy to make the world better.
I love her very much.
I can't wait for you to see her perform.
Hello.
I am a committee member of the Chicago Disability Pride Parade.
I am honored to be a part of this virtual festival.
I'm grateful for Disability Unite for giving me the opportunity to speak to you all.
During Disability Pride Month, we'll be showcasing our pride through parades and events.
We've had to change how we showcase our events due to the effects of COVID.
We worked on a video with members of our committee to share our thoughts on the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
We had a meeting with Disability Unite.
We talked about our plans for the parade and their plans for today's virtual festival.
And we talked about what collaboration would mean for our disability communities.
I worked with many disability organizations throughout the country.
We, as people with disabilities, stand together to support each other during the pandemic.
And we've been helping each other out for a long time.
We need to stay close and support each other during these tough times.
It is time for us to put together disability pride parades and disability festivals to create awareness and ensure that we continue to do this for years to come.
Thank you for letting me have this time.
I want to thank Matt and Elizabeth Axel for their outreach to the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee and Disability Unite.
We look forward to working with you, the committee.
Thank you for agreeing to do this.
I hope this is a good festival today.
Let's all have a good time and celebrate disability pride.
Thank you.
Hi.
It's Lachi.
We're here to celebrate our community and how awesome each and every one of us is.
Disability intersects with other marginalized groups, such as race, gender, and class.
I am a talented person, and I can do many things.
I am black, blind, and beautiful.
We are diverse.
We are creative people and we are full of love.
We're grateful for the 30 years of regulation that have recognized us. Here's to 30 more years of recognition.
Evan Ruggiero, meet Laura Benanti.
Evan is from New Jersey.
He started tapping at age 5 and was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer at Montclair State University.
He had to undergo nine surgeries in six months and had to make the difficult decision, ultimately, to amputate his leg.
After surgery, he was tapping again two days later.
He is a courageous and inspirational person.
It's a wonderful thing that he is still able to perform for so many luminaries, including Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, on the Oscars.
That's amazing.
He is a nominee for the Chita Rivera Dance Award.
He is an incredible person.
He is very, very nice.
Here he is.
Ryan Niemiller is a funny guy and a trailblazer for disabled actors and comics.
I wrote my own material, knowing that it would give me a better chance of getting a job.
I am not a disabled actor or comedian.
I have disabilities.
Humor is one of my sources.
Ryan has said that laughter saved him.
Kids can be cruel to people who do not look or talk like them.
Wit can help bullies make fun of others in a way that is not offensive.
Ryan is known as the Cripple Threat because of his powerful sense of humor.
Ryan is a comedian and has spoken about the power of laughter.
Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller is the guy we know and love from America's Got Talent.
Thank you
Hi.
I am Victor Calise, Commissioner of the Mayor's Office for People with Disabilities.
Thank you for joining us at the Disability Unite Festival!
We have an amazing program planned for you.
Thank you to the members of the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and the Disability Community Consortium Project, Access For All, for making this event possible.
We celebrated with our community partners during a difficult time.
The country is undergoing change and challenge.
I have seen our community overcome.
We are a team.
The Americans with Disabilities Act was passed exactly 30 years ago.
We celebrate the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action, a civil rights organization birthed in New York City.
We thank the leaders of DIA for their efforts in orchestrating protests and sit-ins to get us the disability accommodations we have today.
We recognize the communities of color and the LGBTQ community, because they are all marginalized groups that need support.
The disability rights movement is stronger because it is connected to other civil rights movements that have happened in the past.
Since the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), there have been many positive strides made in disability rights across all aspects of life.
We are celebrating July with lots of good things, but we know that we need to keep up the good work to keep our cause alive.
The Disability Unite Festival is a celebration of the diversity of disability.
This is a platform to further advance equity and inclusion for everyone.
Community is defined by the common interests and activities of its members.
We are a community.
We show our emotions through our words, actions, and love.
We are stronger than we know.
Together, we are making a difference in the fight for disability rights.
I look forward to the festival next year.
Celebrate disability pride month!
Miranda Hoffner and I are happy to have you here.
This year's event will include artists from a variety of genres.
The ADA is a necessary part of our work.
Disabled people might want to make art.
It provides access necessary for us to do so.
Artists and arts groups today are diverse because there are many different artists and arts groups.
But the ADA doesn't provide enough protection for people with disabilities.
Disability artistry leads us to consider ways to make access to art more accessible.
We must take action now to ensure our future.
Hi, I'm Miranda Hoffner.
I am the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
We commissioned two pieces in our ADA in the Arts series.
Heidi Latsky Dance is a partner we've worked with at Lincoln Center for many years.
We respect her work.
SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30 is a piece by composer Michael Finnissy.
And 15 artists, disabled and nondisabled, are sharing their experience in isolation.
Enjoy your day!
Watch the video to learn more about the ADA in the Arts at Lincoln Center.
The Queens Theater for All Initiative is collaborating with the Queens Theater.
It is a performance of "Death Bites," written and directed by a team of disabled artists.
We hope you have a good time.
I am the director of the Disability Justice Initiative at the Center for American Progress.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist who is based in Chicago and is just beginning his career.
But when you hear his poem, you will understand that he has a bright future ahead of him.
Jackson Santi is performing his work, "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
Hello, I'm Ricky McKinnie of the Blind Boys of Alabama. We love singing and feel that it brings us close together.
The Disability Unite Festival is a celebration of disability and all of the amazing things that make us unique.
The Disability Unite Festival began on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Project Access for All is a community consortium made up of many people and organizations.
This is a festival for our community.
Commissioner Calise is responsible for the success of the event.
The team is incredible.
They are seeing New York City through the coronavirus pandemic and they are communicating with Jonathan Novick weekly through phone calls.
We, as the disability community, got to know each other better and worked together as a community.
We are able to see the national network of Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities in action.
The positive outcome of this crisis is that it will force the government to take action.
Disability groups have been growing rapidly in community and partnership.
The ADA was enacted in 1990 and Disabled in Action was founded in 1966.
And we are very honored to have President Jean Ryan here to do the virtual ribbon cutting and start off the first Disability Unite Festival.
Disabled in Action is a civil rights organization that fights to end discrimination against people with disabilities.
Jean, would you like to say something?
Thank you.
We have had 50 years of meetings, emails, lawsuits, and sit-ins.
Matt remarked about Commissioner Calise's role in our community.
He was appointed to the MTA Board.
Commissioner Calise was appointed to the commission.
Make sure to sit at the table and have good leadership to get people appointed like Commissioner Calise.
I am excited by Disability Unite.
DIA has the support of many people, which gives it power.
I agree.
We can create the change we need together.
We hope everyone has a great time at the Disability Unite Festival.
Hi.
I am the founder of the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team includes women with disabilities.
We empower women with disabilities through dance.
We are a media company.
To learn more about Rollettes Dance, please visit our website and follow us on social media.
We are excited to be a part of Disability Unite Virtual Festival.
The Rollettes Dance Team welcomed guests.
Steph Aiello, Samantha Lopez, Conner Lundius, Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino, and myself will be performing We Can Together.
Gender equality is not a female issue.
It is necessary.
Including people with disabilities in employment is good business sense.
Equality is coming, but it will take some time to achieve parity in the C-suite and a much longer time to close the gender pay gap.
We cannot wait for equality, access, and inclusion for all. We must push forward our message.
We will push forward the message of equity for people with disabilities, communities of color, and LGBTQ communities.
We have impact.
The Female Quotient helps organizations become more equitable and successful.
We work to advance equality in the workplace and in media through solutions and measurements. We help companies become equality fit.
We provide research, tools, experiences to promote equality.
We are excited to collaborate with Disability Unite and the disability community.
