The Sudanese military and Janjaweed militia, mostly from the Abbala tribes, fight in Sudan's armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which Muslims must visit at least once in their life.
The great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, "Saturday," follows a busy day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled the ball east.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They share a culture with the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal recipient has received the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a tiny drum with little sound, and have complex choreography.
The spacecraft has two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942 and is a former Italian football player.
It was believed that the debris filled the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The Bzö differs from the Freedom Party since it supports a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Gaining admission to Tsinghua is very difficult.
Today, NRC is a private, independent foundation.
Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
The two names became obsolete in 2007 when they joined the National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated various styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of British Columbia and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero and Chyna.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship began on 4 September 1921 in Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in Voyager 2 images, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Certain towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia don't follow official time.
Shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy and asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop him.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development and popularizing interaction design.
Other editors and the administrator may be conspiring against someone far away.
Working group I evaluates the science of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center of the IAU assigns number-name combinations to formal minor planets.
Wind shear increased on September 30, causing a weakening trend.
Each entry contains a copy of the data from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby.
It consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups, like previous assessment reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a nuclear physics professor and her brother Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts promotion.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions.
This area was later called "Prussia Proper", and it was east of the Vistula River.
He returned to Yerevan after graduation and taught at the local conservatory, then he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was in trouble for drinking and bad behavior.
Celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have been featured on the show.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe orbiting Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show gomaespuma.
On June 16, 2009, the band announced the release date of the Resistance on their website.
He is also a member of 183 Club, another boyband.
Hippolytus attested the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia at early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity.
The voice of America's Special English provides it.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
It is now known as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion for consumers when 1 mb is referred to as 1 mib instead of 220  1,048,576  bytes.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking reveals a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization for the 2009 version.
Volterra is in Tuscany, Italy.
Itch and pain have recently been seen as separate sensations.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages and a rock band concert to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Without land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, causing it to become congested.
People can start exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland from here.
Bruises can cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information.
George I of Great Britain was previously George, Elector of Hanover, who employed George Frideric Handel as Kapellmeister.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is one of the toughest biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, while most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap affects the oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the inability to be interested in reading.
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a huge supporter of his son and fan of Floyd.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium wage is the price for a certain type of labor.
They published their findings in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the new region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's rule under the Legation of Perugia.
The depression caused floods in Brazil before dissipating.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band lineup consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel and Dave McClain.
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation more than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
The characters are Pete and Dud with foul language.
Johan was the bassist of Hammerfall, but left before their first album.
In 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State race.
Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990.
Shade's actions cause the destruction of his colony's home and the premature migration of his people.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is played with a total of twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended along the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
The owner is usually unaware, so these computers are called "zombies".
A wave crossed the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 1800s.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot participate until they become adults.
Development releases are rare, but there are usually stable subversion snapshots.
In 1482, he was sent to Florence, the city of his destiny.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two Rostov landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain.
Miller and Urey demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
The male " den master " sometimes allows a second male in the den, but why is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget can be enabled by checking an option in your preferences.
Here are some helpful links for your involvement.
He was Egypt's prime minister from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him an organist in the Chapel Royal.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and he did not want to accept it.
Esperanto speakers now value the language and its culture.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife.
Each license has a version number.
A user must set a nickname to connect to most IRC servers.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York that year.
Summerslam 2009 is a wrestling event happening on August 23, 2009.
He is usually shown as bald with long whiskers and is an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Certain animals change color in different environments.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by pinning Rikishi in a steel cage match.
This is like the unix philosophy of having programs do one thing well and working together via universal interfaces.
His parents were musical; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates embedded in its skin and spikes on its neck, shoulders and spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered in 1890 in response to a railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad resided in Hungary with his wife.
You can include short passages on the front and back cover of a modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are typically blue due to more efficient scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of France.
Macgruber attempts to defuse the bomb with objects, but is often distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat.
Traveling through very remote areas usually requires a four wheel drive.
Kahn appointed him as chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop was influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music and came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s.
The battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world, with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and high-quality while others are short and low-quality.
95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" and "movie" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of government.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol, and MK Sun became a lawyer.
Cowra, New South Wales, Australia is home to the historic township of isbn 1-876429-14-3 in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was a popular calculation tool before pocket calculators.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is made with milk and bacteria.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views have been proposed but rejected by mainstream Christianity.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs widen at the top and taper at the ankle.
Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show in late 2004.
Wendy's confirmed a Tim Hortons IPO by March 2005 and had more system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, portrayed by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the rule "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election of 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is called a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky planned to write the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with the Tang Dynasty symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations suggest a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal.
He was given the CH honor in 1988.
Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, is located in Loèche.
A matchbook is a folder with matches and a rough striking surface.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She refused to leave the commune and challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume English-language manga series that follows his story from being taken by Twolegs in Dawn to his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not gather in cities; many of the immigrants who were peddlers had daily contact with Americans.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and furniture.
She suffered collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian hockey team.
Inductors can be built on integrated circuits with transistor processes.
Gribble was first named by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour using the telephone exchange.
Entering a mosque requires following rules, even if one does not intend to pray.
It is a pointed-faced, rabbit-sized creature.
Computer performance is measured by the work it does versus the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the region's monasteries.
Human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details were not known.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
Nupedia was founded by Bomis, Inc. on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born in 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is New South Wales' largest city and capital.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers may also be used.
The name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was homeless in Italy for four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town can still be called a market town even without a market if it has the right to hold one.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 and was killed.
Some people think the NKVD removed Tresca as punishment for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup carefully.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is in Croydon, England.
Constituents are citizens who elected a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in Taxi 3 in 2003.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
Phelps et al published the conference papers in a book the next year.
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said quinine allowed colonists to move to West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon; it is full of craters, has no moons, and has no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are perfect for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office with the support of the lower house.
Harry's bravery is shown through his selflessness and compassion when he retrieves Cedric's corpse.
He and two RAF members were arrested in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
The powerful hurricane caused serious damage in the Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is located there, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish species and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island near Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be distributed if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer that creates a live usb and allows for saving the user's configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed in relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with the FDP receiving two members, the CVP two members, the SP two members and the SVP one member.
A fee is payment for services.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland resisted Norse invasion and negotiated a favorable peace.
The album had five singles: "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
Minix became open source software in April 2000.
The body color is usually medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, symbolized by its thistle logo.
The warning's coverage extended southward as Jose intensified, but was canceled shortly after landfall.
The San Diego Union Tribune reported in August 2003 that Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during combat.
Intertitles provided audiences with information and help historians imagine the film.
This is because assets in third world underground economies cannot be used as collateral.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan demanded the police surrender.
The press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not good.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back."
Marvel Comics publishes comic books featuring mutant characters.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the U.S.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder.
Various factors can increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian and found a metaphorical enchanted garden.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was significant.
The term dorsal refers to structures on the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that proteins had the same formula.
The gang hid for 16 months to avoid being captured after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color varies from orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added to Union Station in 1963.
The central australian line of commonwealth railways ran along the western side of the simpson desert before 1980.
The old portage trail led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region included the Sierra Madre mountains and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early on Google Books, their site and their blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it requires official proofs before being altered.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had poor classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic center for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many facilities were built on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
Arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka derived from Arzash.
She was chosen to appear on the tv show from 15 candidates out of 16,421 participants.
ABC aired its episodes from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but they weren't successful.
Brighton is in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She also starred in music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979 for its 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
The vagina stretches during vaginal birth.
His birthdate is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or substance must be used to reduce a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps span multiple cantons.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden was one of his favorite artists in an interview.
The string can vibrate with different modes, like a guitar string producing different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).