one of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca for muslims - a requirement that able-bodied muslims must fulfil at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work is called saturday and follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on january 888.
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
the dancers follow the drummers and they often play the sogo which makes almost no sound and the dancers often have more elaborate and even acrobatic choreography .
the spacecraft has two parts: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as europeans settled .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea and encloses the city of stralsund
he was also named 1982 " athlete of the year " by sports illustrated .
five is a British sport that is believed to have originated from the same origins as many other racquet sports .
on monday on king bhumibol's birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , Tagore emulated styles from many different parts of the world including craftswork from northern ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in two white house shows that aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with terri  defeated eddie guerrero with chyna  to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop
she and her husband left the united states in 1927 and returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july of 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as a long object , the major axis pointing towards uranus
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow the official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills
clank asks ratchet to help him find the superhero captain qwark so that they can stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates the use of a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to make it mainstream by promoting interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides - separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th 2008.
minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to increase and a weakening trend started
each entry in the database has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , most mosques do not enforce religious violations , but both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , the four reports are from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion that billed itself as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
besides this, Cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " proper prussia ".
after graduating he came back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philharmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and behavior .
so far the celebrity episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o'grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered on march 5th 1979 by stephen p. synnott when images from the voyager 1 space probe were taken around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the band announced the release date of their new album .
he is also a part of a jungiery boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return for this , rollo swore allegiance to charles and converted to christianity and promised to protect the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is the voice of america  voa special english .
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it continues as the bohemian part of the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may become more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
S seventh sons have strong "knacks"  specific magical abilities  and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software found that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install and 32 seconds to scan .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently when it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous and it helps to catch ants and termites
the tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers provided food , water , blankets , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road .
it is also a good place to start if you want to explore cooktown and cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for the information you use from these pages .
george frideric handel also served as composer for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor
they are rivaled as tough biological materials only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , though most of his woodcuts were commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
after eating, it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research shows that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know trust and care about .
today , landis ' father has become one of floyd 's biggest fans and regards himself as one of floyd 's .
shortly after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is what the wage is .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to write their findings in a book and an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he now lives in london and mainly teaches practical things .
brunstad has several restaurants including a fast food restaurant , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then  with the united kingdom of italy in 1860
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection and dissipated the next day over brazil where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn as the vocalist, guitar by duce, bass by phil demmel, guitar by dave mcclain, and drums by
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation .
the characters are the same as their earlier characters pete and dud , only with more foul language .
Johan was also the original bassist of hammerfall, but before the band ever released a studio album, he quit.
in 1998 culver ran for the secretary of state in iowa and was elected .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart by two votes over ray bourque .
shade sets in motion the main plot of the novel when he impulsively disobeys a law and unintentionally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent .
he was diagnosed with cancer in april 1999 and the cancer was inoperable .
before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is the form of chess where each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries
two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half also has the same design as the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim
unlike the clouds on earth which are made up of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of legal adulthood
stable releases are rare , but there are often snapshots that are stable .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the 'city of his destiny' .
in the Soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander Nevsky cathedral  in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan  in 1783-1807
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, a " den master " may also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links for you to get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was left behind - some explanations say this was because she was sickly and needed more care on the island ; others say it was because the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as an end in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun was born eva anna paula hitler on 6 february 1912 and died on 30 april 1945 , after being the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will need to set a nickname before connecting .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 in los angeles , california .
he is usually bald and has long whiskers .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument - the cephalopod family .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada and the democratic republic of congo , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major town in " dublin suburb " and many people live there and work in " dublin ".
acanthopholis armour was made up of large, oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes jutting out from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia railroad
bills that the law commission proposes and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad spent some time with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france on the coast of the mediterranean .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died and yvonne loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
However, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, usually requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle- usually a 4WD.
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and dr. schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
battalions being formed for xi international brigade were absorbed into it
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and the trains are shorter .
it is the eleventh largest stadium in the world and has a capacity of 98,772 .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous people by the state of israel
some articles are long and rich in content while others may only be short and not as good quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted by taxonomy .
eugowra is said to have been named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
words such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in english .
jurisdiction flows from public international law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to what is in the best interest of their native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
aracaju is the capital of the state of aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in the style taught by vorkapich , kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on june 18th of 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging in peel river and on the mountain slopes of the peel river
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yoghurt is a dairy product that is made by bacteria fermenting milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame more than any other position currently in use , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was not allowed to be sold in many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle
in 2004 , suleman cut howard stern 's radio show on four citadel stations ; citing stern 's upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many outlets as mcdonald 's in 2005 and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strictly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind ."
he won the presidential election on march 2 with 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in the nation were suppressed .
operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
tiles from the tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang an modern-day xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist, pianist, composer and teacher.
by most accounts the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
st. mary maggiore st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in the city of assisi .
the observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly journal covering the rail industry worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering
a matchbook is a small folder with matches inside it and a rough surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use during pregnancy .
definitely , she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 p 84 - many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during childhood she was always sick - she had collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum
the montreal canadiens are a ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
gribble is the scientific term given to a wood-boring species, especially the first described from Norway by rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
club-wounding injuries are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour
even if someone doesn't plan to pray in a mosque , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointy in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done by the computer system, compared to how much time and resources are used.
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that he plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
the professional hockey writers ' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
the design has features that include a key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in jwaneng , Botswana. He plays for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are also nearby settlements .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration separate from west germany until 1990
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli .
new south wales 's capital and largest city is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name of the brand for related digital platforms which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he spent four years on the streets of northern Italy, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
goalposts were eventually added behind each of the goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market .
the bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
on july 29 , the battle of stiklestad in norway , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the process .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union
this led to montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when it is necessary and for a good reason .
schuschnigg immediately responded to reports of riots being false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the croydon borough of london in the uk .
when used in the context of a politician who represents or is otherwise accountable to citizens in an area , constituent can mean either a resident who voted for the politician or someone who lives in the area and is subject to their jurisdiction .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer using a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book in 1998 called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano by frédéric chopin .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of rocks and minerals that are hydrated and silicates which indicates a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon in many ways : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara hog deer and blue bull
dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as they have the support of the lower house .
this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse he demonstrates selflessness and compassion
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , which is committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys .
samadhi  tomb-shrine of meher baba is now the site of the samadhi  of baba .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
there are 49 species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images
in april 1862 , ben was arrested for robbery with another man while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on october 5 across parts of britain , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
usb installer 2009.1 provides a usb that creates a live usb where the user 's configuration and data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' relative strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the amount of money that one has to pay in order to receive services , like the honorarium that a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other learned professional gets paid.
the library system of ohio state includes twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus
other developments include both iceland and greenland accepting the ownership of norway , but scotland was able to fend off a norwegian invasion and negotiate a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free software under a permissive license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body has a range of colors from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , there are dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise, as indicated by its thistle logo.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended south when jose intensified before it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that marines and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the later provided audiences with information about the film that was later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
that is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " cake-in-a-midget " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said " fray is not done , fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character who appears in comic books published by marvel comics
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her notorious friendship with russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on or grow of that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
colors can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to union station , curving north from the station below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed near the western side of the simpson desert
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest subregion in mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they will be carefully audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo for their first performance in the soviet union in the spring of 1990 and in 1994 he toured with the ipo again , this time in china and india
austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , winning napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
most people in south india speak one of the five dravidian languages .
meteora received a number of awards and honors from the band .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned and attacked Kane and Jericho
most of the songs on the album were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in the usa
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from the proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
she was chosen out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show .
it had episodes that were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21st, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the usa .
furthermore , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 the town of glinde received its charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now referred to as " mario's friend ."
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be in 1935 to 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or substance will inhibit a particular biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in neighboring cantons .
he had one daughter with ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that few people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different modes and every mode looks different as a particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
