One side of the fighting is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat area in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's most sacred city , which all muslims must visit at least once in their lives .
The dark spot is thought to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
his next work , saturday , follows a very busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
The tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and tied it to the ball , then quickly crawled away to the east and pulled on the cord with all his might .
He died six weeks later on 13 january 888.
they have a similar culture to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
Since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal has also given the colin mears award worth £5000.
The dancers follow the drummers, usually playing the sogo, a small drum with little sound, and having very elaborate and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is an italian former football player.
People initially thought that the debris caused the smaller craters to fill up.
Graham studied at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
Nevertheless , the bzö is slightly different than the freedom party , as it agrees to a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
In its natural state , dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into tsinghua is really hard.
today nrc is set up as an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was declared 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
Fives is a British sport thought to come from the same source as many racquet sports.
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so his birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations all over thailand.
Both names ended in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland.
however , tagore copied many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
In 1988, she performed for President Reagan in the Great Performances at the White House series, which was broadcast on PBS.
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship against eddie guerrero and chyna, with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 then she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late July , 1989 from the photos taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened at brescia on 4 september 1921.
he also finished two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , its main axis pointing towards uranus .
The British planned to get rid of him and gain the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow Western Australia's official time.
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other towns on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
Clank feared that Drek would ruin the galaxy and asked Ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
it is not really a true louse .
He suggests using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to make interaction design more widely known.
It is possible that the other editors and administrator who blocked you are part of a plan against someone from the other side of the world they have never met.
Working Group I evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The islands are part of the Hebrides, divided from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the turbulent waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are given numbers and names by the Minor Planet Center , a branch of the IAU .
Wind shear began to rise and the storm started to weaken on September 30.
Each entry has a datum, a piece of data, which is a duplicate of the datum in some backing store.
Therefore, both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque, even if some mosques do not enforce violations.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, plays professional rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like past assessment reports , it is made up of four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a nuclear physics professor at the university of paris , while their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
the stamp stayed the same letter stamp for the rest of victoria's rule , and lots were printed .
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion labeled as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine which can cause giardiasis.
besides this , cameron has often made Christian-related films , including left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he stars as Cameron " Buck " Williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river's mouth , sometimes later called " prussia proper ".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
the christmas story is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and luke.
weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior.
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was revealed on the band 's website .
He is also part of another boy band, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition , written by theologian hippolytus , shows that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
In exchange , Rollo promised loyalty to Charles , became a Christian , and agreed to protect the northern region of France from other Viking groups .
It comes from Voice of America (VOA) Special English.
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven tiny ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it carries on as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this makes consumers confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
The incident has been studied many times for ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so the animal is calmer or gains weight faster.
seventh sons have powerful " knacks "  special magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and powerful .
Passmark Software's benchmarking shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory usage.
volterra is a town in tuscany, Italy.
Historically, itch and pain were not thought to be separate until recently, when it was discovered that itch has some features like pain, but also some differences.
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites .
The same tram derailed at starr gate loop during trials on 30 May 2006.
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france.
If there are no regulations on land use , buildings can be constructed near a bypass , turning it into a normal town road , and the bypass may eventually become as busy as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
It is a starting point for those who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
Bruises can hurt, but usually are not dangerous.
no one connected to wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information found in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
Their eyes are small and their vision is bad.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin as biological materials.
Oregano is necessary in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an Oyster card.
he created and published his own works , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned jobs .
the historical method includes the strategies and rules that historians use primary sources and other evidence to do research and write history.
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration .
In 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to do so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
it will dislodge and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
Also , research has shown children are less likely to tell about a crime if it involves someone they know , trust or care about .
Today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and loves being one of floyd 's biggest fans .
after gaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became uneven .
The balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
they thought the grounds were haunted so they wrote a book called 'An Adventure' in 1911 using fake names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and mostly focused on teaching.
brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region .
In 1438, trevi was under the control of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and afterwards its story became part of the states of the church , and then in 1860, part of the united kingdom of italy .
The depression traveled inland on the 20th, with no convection , and ended the next day over Brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in NYC that lasted from 1952 to 1995.
the group has flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums .
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries to use mosques to promote civic participation.
the characters are rude versions of pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
In 1990, mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes, one being a first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law and sets off a series of events that eventually leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing them to migrate and separating him from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
He was told he had inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm came, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The game is speed chess and each player has twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is the region in South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two ex-presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
Damage was severe up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner is usually unaware, so these computers are likened to zombies.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The AP Stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the 19th century, eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making industry.
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
unlike earth clouds , neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
they can only participate until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are not common , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are dependable enough to use.
Eventually , in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807) during the Soviet years.
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was interred in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power (CHP) , is when a heat engine or a power station generates electricity and useful heat at the same time.
Sometimes the male " den master " may let in a second male to the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css code that can be activated by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences.
here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was Egypt's prime minister from 1945 to 1948.
She was left when the other nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and there are various explanations for this.
james i named him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until he died .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and first said he might not take it.
Later, esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that had grown around it as goals on their own , even if esperanto never gets accepted by the united nations or other international bodies.
Dry air surrounded the southern part of the cyclone and eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945. She was the long-term companion and briefly married to Adolf Hitler.
each edition of the license is given a unique version number.
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
He also got a mechanics certificate that year , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
Summerslam 2009 is a coming pro wrestling pay-per-view event made by WWE and will occur on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually represented as being bald, with long whiskers , and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color due to chromatic response , like ermine , snowshoe hare , or cephalopods .
val venis won against rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix thought of having numerous programs each doing one thing well and cooperating through universal interfaces .
he was from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the most significant numbers of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also live in small communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or among the population of those countries .
Naas is a big "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
the armor of acanthopholis was oval plates set almost flat in the skin , with spikes coming out from the neck and shoulder area , down the spine .
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 because the Columbia , Newberry and Laurens Railroad opened.
however , bills made by the law commission , and combining bills , start in the house of lords .
before his release in 1474 , vlad stayed with his wife in a house in hungary while he was planning to retake wallachia.
you can include a phrase of five words as a front-cover text and a phrase of 25 words as a back-cover text at the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a town in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber requests objects to construct something to deactivate the bomb , but he later gets sidetracked which causes him to run out of time .
this was mostly finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
Shi ' a Muslims see Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad demanded that the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat resign , as it accused them of being proxies for thaksin .
Traveling in remote areas , on secluded tracks , needs to be planned and a dependable , four wheel drive vehicle should be used .
At kahn, he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He apologizes because he must go to rehearsal and he and dr. schön depart.
britpop originated from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was known for bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included into new battalions which were created for the xi international brigade .
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains run.
It has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in Europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
Ten Boom was given an honor in December 1967 as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
some articles are long and full of information while others are shorter and of lower quality .
About 95 species are accepted.
eugowra is reported to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the spot where the sand slides down the hill ".
Words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in English.
Jurisdiction gets its power from international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to use resources to help the needs of its native society .
he composed several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , was his idol and mk sun wanted to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township close to cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator came out , it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, longer battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other job , and only 35 goaltenders have been honored .
Other opinions about the topic were offered over the years , but none were accepted by main christian organizations.
The album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top and slim at the ankle.
In late 2004, suleman made news by removing Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's often talks about his future move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and strictly follows the top rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote.
The plant is thought of as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the solitary female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of composing the ballet in 1913.
Demonstrations all over the country were put down.
Offenbach's operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty were found west of the old city of chang ' an  now xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
It was reportedly almost impossible to control the instrument.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the first existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a nearly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a business magazine that focuses on railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the world .
he was made companion of honour CH in 1988.
loèche holds the systems of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a rough surface to light matches on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed defiantly to never give up the commune and dared the judges to give her the death penalty.
There is a three-volume English-language manga series about Graystripe, from when he was taken by twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in cities; many of the immigrants who were peddlers could communicate with Americans every day.
he was known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
She had collapsed lungs twice in childhood, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university has claimed that the requirement for nest boxes suggests that logging methods are not environmentally sustainable, to save hollow-dependent creatures like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a pro ice hockey team located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that make transistors.
The word gribble was initially used for wood-boring species , especially the one first recorded from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
After that, the county's management was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The telephone exchange allowed the port jackson district commandant to contact all military installations on the harbour.
even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without praying , still have rules to follow.
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is defined by how much useful work is achieved with the time and resources used.
Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are on the volga.
The crosier signifies the monasteries of the area.
Human skin colors can vary from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus with the official formation of the bank using a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer announced plans to try saddam, but said the details of the trial had not been decided.
At the end of the regular season , the professional hockey writers' association vote for the All-Star team.
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan surround afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was started on march 9, 2000, owned by bomis, inc, a web portal company.
important features of the design are key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born in jwaneng , botswana on 19 february 1987 and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other close settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964 , the quark model was proposed by murray gell-mann and george zweig .
The fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and was added when the column was moved to its current location in 1938-39.
West Berlin had its own postal system, different from West Germany's, and issued its own stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , an italian renaissance painter , from 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
the polymer is always epoxy but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used too.
the name lives on as a label for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have endured the end of the printed magazine .
At four-and-a-half years old, he was on his own on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and travelling through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were put in behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground started to be modernized.
a town can be called a market town or having market rights even if it no longer has a market , as long as the right to do so remains .
a fortress on the eastern approaches was constructed later.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway and was killed.
Some say that tresca was killed by the nkvd for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused both montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
Use HTML and CSS markup wisely and for a good cause.
schuschnigg quickly responded publicly that reports of riots were untrue.
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
In certain circumstances, constituent can also refer to a resident in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician; this is sometimes limited to citizens who voted for the politician.
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone was in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
The papers from the conference were printed in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin composed opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks could have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said that " quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
spectroscopic studies have also revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , pointing to a stony surface composition .
she was the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it has lots of craters , no moons and no atmosphere .
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these give good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was taken over by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
The prime minister stays in office as long as they have support from the lower house.
rowling considers this scene important because it shows harry's bravery, and by getting cedric's body, he shows selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins, were arrested after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
They combined to create new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
The strong hurricane caused severe harm in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet hit the area .
It is now the spot of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as services and lodgings for pilgrims.
The broken dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005 , meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition , becoming the second american woman to do so.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse were recorded.
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , close to 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared without more manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was detained by the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for joining an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5, resulting in some areas flooding.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , with the option to save the user 's configuration and personal data .
in accordance with the parties ' power in the federal assembly , the seats were divided as follows : fdp  : 2 , cvp  : 2 , sp  : 2 , and svp  : 1 .
A fee is the cost to pay for services, especially the payment to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or another professional.
ohio state's library system includes twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
iceland and greenland accepted the control of norway , but scotland stopped a norse attack and made a good peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000, minix became free and open source software under a free software license, but other operating systems had already surpassed it and it stayed mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can range from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and sometimes have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
The warning area was extended southwards as jose grew stronger , before being canceled after it made landfall on september 23.
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had verified the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat .
the latter offered audiences facts similar to those given by intertitles , and can help historians envision what the film may have been like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital for commercial and industrial growth .
He ran away from sydney cove many times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded them to give up.
Before the second game started , the press said the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance did not meet veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting equality now joss whedon said "fray is not finished , fray is coming back.
a mutant is a kind of fictional character that appears in marvel comics comic books.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by flagellants who were wandering around .
Reports say that certain factors may raise the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to be transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh states charles sought love when he first encountered sebastian , discovering " that low door in the wall ... which led to an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor that is present throughout the work in many ways .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was a very important factor in her life .
the term dorsal means anatomical structures that are either situated on or sprout from that side of an animal .
berzelius coined the word "protein" after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of one huge molecule.
The gang hid for 16 months after the jerilderie raid, avoiding being caught.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in france.
The color varies from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was included , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street , then turning west to stop at st. george and bloor streets .
Before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
The trail went west through the mountains to Unalakleet, which was an old portage route.
People with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
mesoamerica had a vast and varied landscape , from the mountain regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later put the comic on google books and their website and announced it on its blog with a reason for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , and it must be checked internally and have official proofs before it can be changed .
The book, political economy, was released in 1985 but it had little use in classrooms.
He went on tour with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for the first-ever show in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo once more in 1994 , playing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , yielding to napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 losses for the losing side .
It has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria for a long time , and a place for making and shipping groundnuts .
most south indians talk one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won many awards and honors.
after a short confrontation , the wwf cavalry reversed and attacked kane and jericho .
many of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
In the 5th century, the slavs began to move into the area.
Many new buildings were built on campus from 1900 to 1920, such as for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian version of an armenian name that ends in -ka, created from a proper name arzash which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa used by the ancients for a part of lake van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was picked from the 15 candidates to be on the tv show .
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from 1993 to 2005.
the device can then be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia employed famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had little success .
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
furthermore , she was in some music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
On June 24 1979, Glinde got its town charter for the 750th anniversary of the village.
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although now the character is referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very elastic and can expand greatly during childbirth.
his exact birthday was not noted, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows the amount of an inhibitor needed to reduce a biological process, like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by half.
the name implies they are in the bernese oberland region of canton bern , but portions of the bernese alps are in other cantons like valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had a daughter there, later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
Edward Gorey said in an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented that not many people remembered or knew about them.
The string can vibrate in various ways, like a guitar string can produce different notes, and each mode looks like a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable earned an academy award nomination when he acted as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
