One side of the armed conflicts is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
The tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball and crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
There he died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
Since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the soo-a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
The spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
Alessandro " sandro " Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 in Italy.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology .
However, the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
Many species had vanished by the end of the 19th century, with European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
In its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
Today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of stralsund .
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
Five is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulation numerous styles, including craftsmanship from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on October 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on saturn's pin of guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia .
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
Some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the South Australian border almost as far as Cairgulla , do not follow official Australian Western Australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
ratchet agrees to help clank find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
It is not actually a true louse .
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone living half a world away they have never met in person.
The working group assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
The island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
By early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
Each entry has a date a nugget of data which is a copy of the date in some backing store.
As a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July, 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
The assessment report contains four reports, three of which are from the working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis .
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian Philarmonic Orchestra .
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
So far, the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
Gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
he is also a member of the 183 club .
The apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other viking groups .
VoA is derived from the voice of America .
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1mb instead of 1mb .
The incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
Seventh sons have strong " knacks " specific magical abilities and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking was conducted by passmark software in order to highlight the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences .
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it .
The same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr gate loop during previous trials .
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich town and England managers, outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is .
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often produce pain but are not typically dangerous .
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frederic Handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are pitted as biological materials against chitin only by their comparative toughness.
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on an oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and then to write history .
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
As of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not be interested in doing so .
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or care about .
Today, landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after achieving category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled in London , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
The current lineup of the band includes Flynn vocals, guitar,duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and Dave McCallion drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier personalities Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for office in Iowa and was successful.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote .
Shade set the main plot of the novel in motion when he disregard that law, and inadvertently initiating a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter .
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
Because the owner is unaware of the computers' capabilities, they are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
The upper half of the monastery resembles the arms of the former district Oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on Earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence, the “city of his destiny.”
In the Soviet years, the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St Alexandre Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combined heat and power, chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
On occasion, the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
Below are some helpful links to facilitate your involvement .
He served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
She was left behind explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12 .
calvin baker is an American novelist .
eva anna paula Braun, died eva anna paula Hitler 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license is given a unique version number.
Most irc servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
That same year, he also received a mechanics certification, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually depicted as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
A few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 .
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
He came from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
Naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living in Naas and working inDublin.
Acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
In the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip , Illinois .
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
This was substantially complete when Messiah died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shia Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin .
However, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
It has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
In December, 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter possibly stubs and of lesser quality .
about 95 different species are currently accepted .
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
Terms such as " undies " and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in english .
The jurisdiction of a country draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha : the death of Minnehaha , overture to the song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure .
The capital of the state is Armacaju (population: 4,500).
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
Gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
DONALDSON enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002 .
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
Before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
Seventy-five defenders are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was not allowed to be sold at many record stores nationwide .
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim Hortons' IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
He won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
The plant is considered a living fossil .
In 1990, she was the only female performer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia .
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
The protests across the nation were suppressed.
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
Jean-Marie-Madeleine Demessieux February 13, 1921 November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
By most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
santa maria maggiore, the earliest extant church in Assisi.
radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
The manga series there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
Samovar and Porter, 1994, p. 84, Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During her childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer, Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
integrated circuits can also be built using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as wounds inflicted by a club.
thereafter the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
The telephone exchange was located near the port jackson district commandant, who could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
However, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
The Crosier Symbolises the Monasteries of the Region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Sadam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
Representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and China border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south, and the people's republic of china to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of Bomis, Inc.
Notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
The fourth ring is adorned with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, whichissued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital in new south Wales .
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
The stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
A bastion on the eastern approaches was built.
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad  norway : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
Others have theorized that the tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
Addiscombe is a suburban area in the London borough of Croydon , England .
Depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
The conference papers were published the next year in a book.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
Frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
These attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
A historian has stated that " Quinine 's efficacy provided colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , Nigeria and other parts of West Africa ".
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition .
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These ideal habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
The prime minister remains in office only as long as they maintain the support of the lower house .
for rowing , this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt .
Together they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The Compact and Intense Hurricane Cause Extreme Damage in the Upper Florida Keys, as a Storm Surge of approximately 18 to 20 Feet Affected the Region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's Samadhi Shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been observed .
saint martin is an island located in the northeast caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers from Puerto Rico.
Because these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images, they cannot be distributed without further warning .
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of Frank Gardiner .
Heavy rain fell across portions ofBritain on October 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
Version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: Free Democratic Party: 2 memberChristian Democratic People's Party: 2 membersSocial Democratic Party: 2 membersSwiss People's Party: 1 member
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in April 2000, Minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of scotland .
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards soon after landfall on September 23 .
in August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iranian Republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender .
The press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to the usual promotional standard .
In a short video promoting the charity, equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back ."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test formerly was a scholastic aptitude test and a scholastic assessment test was a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
Civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
Some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
His sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located toward or grow off that side of an animal .
The term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of  large  molecule .
After the Jerilderie Raid, the Gang lay low for 16 months, dodging capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
The color range from orange to pale yellow .
In 1963 an addition was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
Google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered .
The book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
Austrian general Mack Surrenders his army to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic and center of northern nigeria for centuries, and the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five indigenous languages— Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
After a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .
The name Arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
The later device can then be designed and used in less rigorous environments .
Gimnasia hired first famed Colombian trainer francisco maturana and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on June 24 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ."
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
His real date of birth was never documented, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher, to Anne Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc.
Gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
