The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mostly from the Abbala tribes, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which Muslims must visit once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is believed to be a gap in Neptune's methane cloud layer.
His next work, Saturday, is about a neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula, a trickster character, pulled the ball east with a black cord while using all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
Simple Sentence: The culture of the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea is similar to theirs.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 has also been given the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo and have elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft is composed of two parts: the Cassini orbiter, named after Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the Huygens probe, named after Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola, known as "Sandro", was a football player from Italy.
Simple Sentence: It was believed that the debris created by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in anthropology in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party, as it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes EU withdrawal.
By the end of the nineteenth century, European settlement had caused many species to vanish.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
Simple Sentence: Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Simple Sentence: He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport thought to have the same roots as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow color.
The National Museum of Scotland was created in 2007 when two names merged.
Tagore took inspiration from craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series on PBS.
Simple Sentence: Perry Saturn (with Terri) won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna), pinning him after a Diving Elbow Drop (8:10).
She and her husband returned to France in 1927 after staying in the US.
The Voyager 2 probe discovered Despina in late July 1989.
The Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship began on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Simple Sentence: Voyager 2's images show Ophelia as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British wanted to take the land by force, so they decided to get rid of him.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow the official Western Australian time, between the South Australian border and Caiguna.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
Simple Sentence: The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark, in order to prevent Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He advocates user-centered design and works to popularize interaction design.
It is possible that other editors and an administrator are conspiring against someone they have never met.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides island chain is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Simple Sentence: On July 12, 2008, Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton.
Simple Sentence: The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees the formal minor planet designations which are number-name combinations.
Wind shear dramatically increased and weakening began on September 30.
Each entry has a datum.
Men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque, even if violations are not enforced.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born July 10, 1988) plays professional rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Simple Sentence: The assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a biochemist, both of whom are the grandchildren of the Curies.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign and was printed in large quantities.
The International Fight League was an MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis, is a parasitic flagellated protozoan that causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has often acted in Christian-themed productions, such as Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River which was sometimes called "Prussia proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan and taught at the Conservatory. Later, he was chosen as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Simple Sentence: Weelkes later got in trouble with Chichester Cathedral for drinking and bad behavior.
So far, celebrities featured in episodes include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe while orbiting Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Simple Sentence: Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance was officially released on 16 June 2009, according to the band's website.
He is also a member of the Jungiery boyband 183 Club.
Simple Sentence: The early Christian agape feasts featured singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain, according to the Apostolic Tradition attributed to Hippolytus.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France against other Viking groups.
VoA Special English is the source of this English.
Simple Sentence: Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
Simple Sentence: The first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft was discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is located in the Czech Republic.
Consumer confusion arises when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referred to as 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MiB.
Simple Sentence: Many reports have discussed the ethics of scholarship in relation to this incident.
Castrating animals makes them more docile and helps them gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Benchmarking showed the 2009 version's install time was 52 seconds, scan time was 32 seconds, and memory utilization was 7 MB.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it has been found that itch has similarities to pain, but also has some differences.
The tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous, allowing it to move in and out of the snout and catch ants and termites.
The same tram had derailed at Starr Gate loop during previous trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance to get the standard deviation.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Without land use controls, buildings can line a bypass, turning it into a congested town road.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland are starting points for exploring.
Bruises can be painful but are usually not dangerous.
Simple Sentence: No one associated with Wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the toughest biological material.
Oregano is essential for Greek cooking.
Tickets can be retailed for National Rail services, DLR and with an Oyster card.
He published his own works and commissioned larger woodcuts.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history with the help of the historical method.
The heavy weight of the continental icecap above Lake Vostok is thought to add to the high oxygen levels.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug.
It will detach itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are unlikely to report a crime when it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big supporter of his son and is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a Category 4 hurricane, the storm's outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
They decided to publish their findings of the haunted grounds in a book called An Adventure under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused mainly on teaching.
Simple Sentence: Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was ruled by the Church and its history became a part of the States of the Church and later the Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995 as a law enforcement agency.
The band consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation more than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
The characters Pete and Dud are portrayed with foul language.
Johan was the original bassist of HammerFall, but left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the race for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 with two more votes than Ray Bourque, thanks to one extra first-place vote.
Shade's defiance of the law sets off a chain of events that ultimately leads to the destruction of the colony's home and the premature migration of its members, separating him from them.
The female equivalent of a son is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is the form of chess with each competitor having twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is an area in South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Damage from moderate to severe levels extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Computers owned by unaware people are referred to as "zombies" metaphorically.
A wave traveled across the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press updates its stylebook annually.
The Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John were probably written between 65 and 100 AD.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 19th century.
The upper half of the coat of arms resembles the former district Oberbarnim's coat of arms.
Simple Sentence: Earth's clouds are composed of ice crystals, while Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
Simple Sentence: Their participation is restricted until they become adults.
Stable releases of development are rare, but Subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use.
In 1482, the Order sent him to Florence, his "city of destiny".
The Bolsheviks destroyed St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan during the Soviet era.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in San Benito d'Alcantara church.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and useful heat.
The male "den master" sometimes allows a second male into the den; the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is a snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in the preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, with explanations for this varying.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he was an organist there from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and did not want to accept it.
Esperanto speakers now view the language and its culture as important in itself, regardless if it is ever accepted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection around the cyclone by September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist from the United States.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, later known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, was the companion and brief wife of Adolf Hitler, dying in 1945.
The License is distinguished by a version number.
Users do not need to register an account to use an IRC server, but they must set a nickname before joining.
In the same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Simple Sentence: WWE's SummerSlam will be held on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments.
Simple Sentence: Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship, pinning him after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This philosophy encourages having multiple programs that each do one thing well and are able to work together through universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother was a singer and his father was a band director.
Simple Sentence: Mennonites have large populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, and can be found in 51 countries on six continents or scattered throughout these countries.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin, a major "Dublin Suburb" town.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin, with spikes on the neck, shoulders, and spine.
Irmo was chartered in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital with his wife, while he was preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
A Front-Cover Text of up to five words and a Back-Cover Text of up to 25 words can be added to the list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue located inside bones.
Simple Sentence: Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to more efficient scattering of blue light than red.
Monteux is a commune in southern France.
MacGruber attempts to defuse the bomb using objects he finds, yet gets distracted by personal matters and fails to finish in time.
Messiaen's work was almost complete when he died and Yvonne Loriod was advised by George Benjamin to orchestrate the final movement.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The PAD demanded the resignation of the Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat governments, accusing them of being Thaksin's proxies.
Advance planning and a reliable vehicle are needed to travel in remote areas.
Simple Sentence: While at Kahn, he designed the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged in the early 1990s, characterized by bands that drew inspiration from 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
The XI International Brigade was formed from battalions who had absorbed this.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
Simple Sentence: It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world, with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by the State of Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are lengthy and content-rich, while others are shorter and lower quality.
Approximately 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra was named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
Common terms in English include "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He composed several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created using Kinesthetic Film Principles.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer, inspired by Brandon (Waise Lee).
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a township located near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, the most common calculation tool in science and engineering was the slide rule.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
75 defencemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, while only 35 goaltenders have been.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Many record stores nationwide banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and slim at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's discussions about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of never leaving his partner behind.
He won the presidential election in 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
The protests were suppressed nationwide.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
Most accounts say the instrument was difficult to control.
Simple Sentence: Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate that the composition of the object is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering railway industries worldwide.
In 1988, he was appointed a Companion of Honour (CH).
Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, is located in Loèche.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and with a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Simple Sentence: Graystripe's Trilogy is a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe from when he was taken by Twolegs to his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in isolated communities; many immigrants worked as peddlers, allowing them to have daily contact with Americans.
He was well known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture for gardens.
Simple Sentence: During childhood she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team from Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term "gribble" originally referred to wood-boring species, especially Limnoria lignorum described by Rathke in 1799 from Norway.
Wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has achieved a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even those who do not intend to pray must still follow the rules when entering a mosque.
It has a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work accomplished compared to the resources used.
Some of the world's largest reservoirs are located on the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but said details had not been decided.
The Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
Afghanistan is bordered by Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
Notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve (born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near this area are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model independently.
A fourth ring decorated with golden garlands was added to the column in 1938-39 when it was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own stamps until 1990, separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera circa 1482.
The largest city and capital of New South Wales is Sydney.
The polymer used is often epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon can also be used.
The name of the magazine lives on as a brand for its related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was alone on the streets of northern Italy, living in orphanages and travelling with other homeless children for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s to modernize the ground.
A town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson was defeated and killed in the Battle of Stiklestad by his pagan vassals in Norway.
It has been theorized that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup only when necessary.
Schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in London, England.
Constituent can refer to a citizen residing in an area governed by a politician, sometimes only those who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Sylvester Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm for the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book entitled Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for piano.
Simple Sentence: The attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
The historian said that quinine enabled colonists to settle in West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel in an authoritative manner.
Mercury looks like the Moon, with craters, smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These provide ideal habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
Simple Sentence: The Prime Minister remains in power as long as they have the support of the lower house.
Simple Sentence: This scene is important to Rowling as it portrays Harry's bravery and selflessness, demonstrated by retrieving Cedric's corpse with compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
Simple Sentence: They formed New Music Manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused severe damage in the Florida Keys, with a storm surge of approximately 18-20 feet.
Simple Sentence: Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) is now located at the site, with accommodations and facilities for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel jump.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Simple Sentence: Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean, located 186 miles east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Simple Sentence: It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, resulting in localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer which can create a Live USB where the user can save their configuration and personal data.
The seats in the Federal Assembly were distributed based on the parties' relative strength, with two members for the Free Democratic Party (FDP), two for the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP), two for the Social Democratic Party (SP), and one for the Swiss People's Party (SVP).
A fee is the price one pays for services.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, while Scotland fought off a Norse invasion and negotiated a satisfactory peace.
The album had "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking" as singles.
In April 2000, MINIX became a free and open source software, however, it was surpassed by other operating systems and mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and can be marked with dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, represented by the thistle logo, Scotland's national flower.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, and was canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
Intertitles provide audiences with the same sort of information that the latter did, helping historians imagine the film.
Simple Sentence: Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He tried to escape Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan marched to the police camp and demanded surrender.
Simple Sentence: Before the second game, the press agreed that Veeck's promotional standard was not met with the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance.
In a short video, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back".
Fictional characters called mutants appear in Marvel Comics comic books.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions.
Civil unrest in northern Italy led to the creation of Geisslerlieder, a type of medieval music sung by Flagellants.
Various factors may increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles searched for love and found it when he met Sebastian.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was notorious and had a major impact on her life.
Dorsal refers to structures located or growing on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station, curving north to near Bloor Street and then west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail leading west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may be at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Simple Sentence: Mesoamerica's largest sub-region, stretching from the Sierra Madre to northern Yucatán's semi-arid plains, encompasses a diverse landscape.
Google released the comic early on Google Books, their site, and their blog, with an explanation.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which must have official proofs and be internally audited before being altered.
Political Economy, published in 1985, was not widely adopted in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 in the Soviet Union, and again in 1994 in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, giving Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties for the Austrians.
Simple Sentence: Northern Nigeria's economy is based on the production and export of groundnuts, making it a major centre.
Simple Sentence: Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages, such as Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
The album Meteora won the band many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
Simple Sentence: From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus, including for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun has roots in Armenian and Assyrian, and is related to the ancient name Arsene applied to Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the TV show.
The ABC network broadcast episodes of the show from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Simple Sentence: Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither were successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
Simple Sentence: She also appeared in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde was granted its town charter on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in 1994's Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and 2006's Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, now as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His birth date is believed to be between 1935 and 1939, although it was never recorded.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern and in parts of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter in there, who was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann (e) Power.
Edward Gorey said in an interview that he admired Bawden and was sad that not many people knew about the artist.
Simple Sentence: Just like a guitar string, a string can vibrate in different modes, each of which is represented by a different particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
In 1935, Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in Mutiny on the Bounty.