The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mainly made up of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from northern Rizeigat in Sudan, are the main sides of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the most sacred city of Islam, which all able Muslims must visit at least once in their lives.
The Great Dark Spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and pulled it away to the east with all his strength.
Six weeks later, on 13 January 888, he died there.
The people of West Papua are culturally similar to those of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo and have more complex choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the collision created debris that filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated with a BA in anthropology from Wheaton College in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal.
By the end of the nineteenth century, many species had vanished due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
In 1982, Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year".
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
The National Museum of Scotland was created in 2007 when the two previous names were merged.
Tagore emulated multiple styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada, and woodcuts from Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship; Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in 1989 from the Voyager 2 probe images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Voyager 2 images showed Ophelia as an elongated object, with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decorations and to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Fearing Drek's destruction of the galaxy, Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development cycles and works to make interaction design a widely accepted discipline.
It is possible that the other editors and administrator blocking someone half a world away are part of a conspiracy.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are formed by an island chain, with the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides separating them from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations which are number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased on September 30, and the storm began to weaken.
Each entry has a copy of data from a backing store.
Men and women must adhere to guidelines when attending a mosque, even if the mosque does not enforce violations.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born 10 July, 1988) is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
Like past assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter and a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is their grandson and a noted biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis by colonizing and reproducing in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, playing Cameron "Buck" Williams.
The area east of the Vistula River was called "Prussia proper" sometimes.
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the Conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour.
So far, celebrity episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance's official release date was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, mentions the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and agreed to defend northern France against other Viking groups.
Voice of America Special English is the source of this language.
Disney was presented with a full sized Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
Bohemian Switzerland still exists in the Czech Republic.
Consumers are confused when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is incorrectly called 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been widely reported on regarding ethics in scholarship.
Animals are castrated to make them more docile or to help them gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and powerful.
PassMark Software conducted benchmarking and found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Historically, itch and pain were not considered separate until recently, when it was discovered that itch shares some features with pain, but has distinct differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites.
The same tram had derailed at Starr Gate loop during trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France's Sarthe department.
Without strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, making it a regular town road and eventually becoming as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
Cairns is a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but are usually not dangerous.
No one associated with Wikipedia is responsible for how the information contained in or linked from its web pages is used.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover (later George I of Great Britain).
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
Chitin is the only biological material that rivals their toughness.
Oregano is a key ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster card.
He published his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method involves the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration of Lake Vostok.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
After hunting its prey, it will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Floyd's father is a big supporter of his son and is one of his biggest fans.
After attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont published their findings in a book called An Adventure in 1911.
He settled in London and focused mainly on teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria restaurant, coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's rule and was then combined with the States of the Church in 1860 and the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, dissipated the next day over Brazil, and caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Countries with a minority Muslim population often use mosques to promote civic participation more than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
The characters are foul-mouthed versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to a single first-place vote.
Shade's impulsive defiance of the law starts the novel's main plot, causing the destruction of his colony's home, leading to their premature migration, and separating him from them.
The female equivalent of a son is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
The form of chess played is speed chess, with each competitor having twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the area in South America that is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage spread up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Computers owned by unaware owners are compared to zombies metaphorically.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts, the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, were written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the late 19th century, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture production industry.
The upper half of the coat of arms resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on Earth which are composed of crystals of ice.
Children are not allowed to participate until they become adults.
Stable releases of Subversion are rare, but often there are snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the Order sent him to Florence, his "city of destiny".
During the Soviet period, two of Rostov's important landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807), were demolished by the Bolsheviks.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in San Benito d'Alcantara.
In 1953, Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and heat at the same time.
On occasion, the male "den master" will allow another male into the den, though the reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, with varying explanations.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he served as an organist there from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers saw the language and the culture around it as ends in themselves, even if it is not adopted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died in 1945. She was the longtime companion and briefly the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the License has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In the same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York after receiving a mechanics certificate.
SummerSlam 2009, a WWE pay-per-view event, will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
Usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers, he is an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals can change color according to their environment, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or with chromatophores (cephalopods).
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match and retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
The Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces is similar to this.
He came from a musical family; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States, but they can also be found in 51 countries across six continents.
Naas is a major town in the Dublin suburbs, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour was made of oval plates set horizontally into the skin, with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area and along the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad resided with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while making plans to reconquer Wallachia.
A passage of up to five words can be added as a Front-Cover Text and a passage of up to 25 words can be added as a Back-Cover Text to the end of the list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more efficient than red.
Monteux is a commune in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of southern France.
MacGruber attempts to use simple objects to defuse the bomb, but he is often distracted and runs out of time.
Messiaen had substantially completed his work when he died and Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city, second only to Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The PAD demanded the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, claiming they were proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas on isolated tracks needs advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were formed for XI International Brigade from this.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
The capacity of the stadium is 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored as a Righteous Among the Nations by Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and detailed, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
Approximately 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are commonly used in English.
Jurisdiction is derived from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to meet the needs of its society.
After The Song of Hiawatha, he wrote The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created using Kinesthetic Film Principles.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer, inspired by Brandon (Waise Lee).
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering was the slide rule.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, a better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
More defencemen than any other current position have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, with 75 inductees, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to his discussions about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and never leaves his partner behind.
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
In 1913, Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the composition of the object is mostly iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly journal that covers the global railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was appointed CH (Companion of Honour) in 1988.
Loèche houses the Onyx system, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and with a striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children and drug use during pregnancy.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume OEL manga series which follows Graystripe between the time he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Samovar & Porter (1994) state that Syrians did not form urban enclaves and many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans regularly.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors.
The term gribble was originally used to refer to wood-boring species, particularly Limnoria lignorum, first described by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterwards, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules.
It is described as being pointed in the face and approximately the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga is home to some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago helped Yunus form the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details had not been determined.
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
Notable features of the design include S-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
In 1964, the quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig.
The fourth ring of the column was added in 1938-39 when it was moved to its present location and decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli from the Italian Renaissance.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for related digital television, radio, and website services after the printed magazine ceased.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for four years, living in orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
A town can be described as a market town or having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, as long as the right still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway, and Olav Haraldsson was killed by his pagan vassals.
Some have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as revenge for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
HTML and CSS markup should only be used when necessary.
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
In certain contexts, a constituent is a citizen who resides in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician, and who may have elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The next year, a book titled Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory was published containing the conference papers.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said quinine enabled colonists to move to West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks similar to the Moon and has no natural satellites or substantial atmosphere, with many craters and smooth plains.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These areas provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was governed by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister remains in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
Rowling considers the scene important because it showcases Harry's bravery and selflessness through his compassion for Cedric by retrieving his corpse.
On June 1, 1972, a shootout in Frankfurt led to the apprehension of him and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins.
Together, they formed New Music Manchester, a group devoted to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) is now located at the site, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel jump in a competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
PDFs with images cannot be distributed without further manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain caused localized flooding in parts of Britain.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB installer to create a Live USB, allowing users to save their configuration and personal data if desired.
The Free Democratic Party (FDP) got 2 seats in the Federal Assembly, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) had 2 members, the Social Democratic Party (SP) was allotted 2 seats, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) got 1 member.
A fee is the payment for services, such as those of a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or professional.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, while Scotland successfully defended against a Norse invasion and secured a favorable peace agreement.
The singles on the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Ca n't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software, but by then other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may have dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, represented by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified and was canceled shortly after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marines used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
Intertitles provided audiences with information, and the latter can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
Before the second game, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's standard.
In a video, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
Mutants are fictional characters that appear in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy gave rise to the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, sung by wandering bands of Flagellants.
Reports indicate that certain factors can increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian and found an enclosed garden.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was a significant factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures on the back or side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be composed of one type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color of the object ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union station, curving north below University Avenue and Queen's Park, then turning west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The old portage trail leading west to Unalakleet passes through the mountains near the location.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it included the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site, and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which must be internally audited and require official proofs before any changes.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
During the Napoleonic Wars, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the losers.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many facilities were built on campus, such as those for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name Arzashkun is a form of an Armenian name ending with -ka, based on Arzash, which is similar to the name Arsene used to describe part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen as one of 15 to appear on the TV show.
The ABC network aired episodes of the show from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She was also featured in the music videos "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was given its town charter to commemorate the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline re-appeared in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, being described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
It is believed that his real date of birth is between 1935 and 1939.
A quantitative measure is used to indicate how much of a drug or substance is needed to inhibit a biological process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region, but some parts are in Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
In Newfoundland, he had a daughter with Ann (e) Power, who was later named Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned during an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, regretting that not many people remembered or knew about the artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, producing different particles such as electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable received an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).
