The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan, compose one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the most sacred city of Islam, which Muslims must visit at least once in their life.
The Great Dark Spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been awarded the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo and have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola, also known as "Sandro", was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the collision debris filled the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ differs slightly from the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-Withdrawal.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admissions to Tsinghua is highly competitive.
Today NRC is organised as an independent private foundation.
The Strelasund is situated at the Baltic Sea coast and encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport thought to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
As an example, King Bhumibol's birthday is celebrated throughout Thailand with yellow decorations, as he was born on a Monday.
The National Museum of Scotland was created in 2007 from the merger of both names.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in the 1988 Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn (with Terri) won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) after a Diving elbow drop (8:10).
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He completed two collections of short stories, The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears elongated, with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time, between the South Australian border and Caiguna.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used in architectural decoration, creating mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark and stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates a user-centered design process in product development cycles and promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear began to increase on September 30 and the storm started to weaken.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the data from a backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque, even if they are not enforced.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, the report consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson Pierre Joliot (named after Pierre Curie) is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion.
Giardia lamblia, also known as Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he portrays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, later called "Prussia proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was later reprimanded by the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and inappropriate behavior.
So far, celebrities featured in episodes include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken while orbiting around Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, states that Hallel psalms were sung with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo promised loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and pledged to protect northern France from Viking raids.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
The area continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumer confusion results when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referred to as 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been widely reported on as an example of ethics in scholarship.
Animals are castrated to make them more docile or to help them put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
PassMark Software's benchmarking shows that the 2009 version has an install time of 52 seconds, a scan time of 32 seconds, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Historically, itch and pain were not considered separate sensations, but recent research has found that they have some similarities, as well as differences.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates snout movement and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram had derailed at Starr Gate loop during previous trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
Without strong land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, turning it into a regular town road and eventually becoming as congested as the roads it was meant to avoid.
Cairns is a starting point for those exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but are usually not dangerous.
No one affiliated with Wikipedia can be held responsible for the use of the information found in or linked from the web pages.
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover (who later became George I of Great Britain).
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the toughest biological material rivaling them.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method is the set of techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history using primary sources and evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid pharmaceutical.
It will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a strong supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
Convinced of the hauntings, they decided to publish their findings in a book called An Adventure under pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438 Trevi became part of the legation of Perugia and after 1860, it was part of the united Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band currently consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain on vocals, guitar, bass, and drums respectively.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
The characters are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but he quit before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart over Ray Bourque by two votes, with one first-place vote making the difference.
Shade's defiance of the law sets the main plot in motion and leads to the destruction of his colony's home, causing their migration and his separation from them.
The female equivalent of a son is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the arrival of the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess, with each competitor having twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the area in South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage was seen up the Atlantic coastline and in West Virginia.
Computers that are unknowingly used by their owners are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press updates its stylebook annually.
The four canonical texts, the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Unlike Earth's clouds, which are composed of ice crystals, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals.
Their participation is limited until they become adults.
Stable releases of development are rare, but there are usually Subversion snapshots which are stable enough for use.
Finally, in 1482 the Order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
In the Soviet years, two of Rostov's main landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan - were demolished.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, the male "den master" will allow a second male into the den, although the reason for this is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS snippet that can be enabled with a simple selection in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, though the reasons vary.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he was an organist there from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and its associated culture as ends in themselves, even without international adoption.
Dry air weakened the deep convection of the cyclone on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the License is assigned a different version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In the same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York after receiving a mechanics certificate.
SummerSlam (2009) is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) taking place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
Usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers, he is an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals can change color based on their environment, either slowly (ermines and snowshoe hares) or quickly with chromatophores (cephalopods).
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship in a Steel cage match against Rikishi, pinning him after Tazz hit him with a TV camera (14:10).
This follows the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each performing one task well and working together through universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but they can also be found in 51 countries around the world.
Naas is a major town in the Dublin Suburbs, with many residents commuting to work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates set into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife while planning the reconquest of Wallachia.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text and a passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text to the list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are often blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red (the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets).
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département of southern France.
MacGruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is often distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement of Messiaen's work with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The PAD demanded the resignation of the Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat governments, whom they claimed were controlled by Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by Israel.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
Around 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra got its name from an Indigenous Australian word meaning "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
After The Song of Hiawatha, he wrote The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon (Waise Lee) was MK Sun's idol, and he grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were also mining around the Peel River and up the mountain.
Before the pocket calculator, the slide rule was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and 0.36 inch thickness.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher sales in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen - "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found west of the city of Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a composition of pure iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and having a rough striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The Graystripe's Trilogy is an OEL manga series that follows Graystripe's journey between the time he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many of them interacted with Americans on a daily basis due to their work as peddlers.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes suggests that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds caused by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Administration of the county was conducted in Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
People who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow certain rules.
The animal is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished in comparison to the resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can vary from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago assisted Yunus in officially incorporating the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details had not been determined.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team after the regular season ends.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
Key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule are notable features of the design.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
In 1964, the quark model was proposed independently by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig.
The fourth ring of the column was added in 1938-39 when it was moved to its present location and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli, painted in c. 1482.
The largest city and capital of New South Wales is Sydney.
The polymer used is often epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name persists as a brand for related digital television, radio, and website which have continued after the end of the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
A town can be described as a market town or having market rights even if it does not hold a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for his criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Only use HTML and CSS markup when necessary.
Schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while driving up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
Historians say quinine let colonists move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have indicated the presence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the Moon, with heavily cratered regions of smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These areas provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
In this scene, Harry demonstrates bravery, selflessness, and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were apprehended after a shootout in Frankfurt.
Together they formed New Music Manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) is located at the site, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts' Essex County.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB installer to create a Live USB, where the user's configuration and data can be saved.
The distribution of seats in the Federal Assembly was based on the parties' relative strength, with the Free Democratic Party (FDP) having 2, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) having 2, the Social Democratic Party (SP) having 2, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) having 1.
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as an honorarium for a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and secured a favorable peace settlement.
The album's singles were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Ca n't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software, however, other operating systems had already surpassed its capabilities, making it mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the species varies from medium brown to golden to beige-white and may be marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish venture, as symbolised by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 for Jose was extended southwards before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the early stages of combat.
The latter gave audiences information that later was provided by intertitles, helping historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion, because they cannot be used to raise capital.
He escaped Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
Before the second game, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's usual standard.
In a short video, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of Flagellants.
Various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles had been seeking love when he first encountered Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden", a metaphor that appears throughout the work.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on or coming from the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang stayed out of sight for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in northwestern France.
The color of the item ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union station, curving north to near Bloor Street before turning west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it included the mountainous Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site, and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, which requires official proofs before being altered.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but received limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
At the Battle of Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army, granting Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria and a centre for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu or Tulu.
Meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as those for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
Name Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka, coming from Arzash and having the same name as Arsene and Arsissa that was used for part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen among the 15 to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde was granted its town charter.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is elastic and can stretch to multiple times its normal diameter during childbirth.
It is believed that his real date of birth is between 1935 and 1939, though it was never recorded.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
Although the name suggests they are in the Bernese Oberland region, portions of the Bernese Alps are found in other cantons as well.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann (e) Power in that place.
Edward Gorey mentioned during an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, just like a guitar string can make different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
