the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia , made up of tribes from the north rizeigat region , are the main sides of the armed conflicts .
jeddah is the only way to get to mecca , the holy city of islam .
the great dark spot is believed to be a gap in neptune's methane cloud layer .
his next book is about a neurosurgeon's exciting day in saturday .
the trickster character , the tarantula , pulled on a black cord and crawled away quickly to the east .
he died six weeks later in january 888 .
they are similar to the people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal has given £5000 to the winning recipient .
after the drummers , dancers come and they usually play the sogo and do more complex choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe , named after two astronomers .
alessandro mazzola was a italian footballer , born in 1942 .
it was thought the craters were filled with debris from the crash .
graham graduated from wheaton college with a ba in anthropology in 1943 .
the bzö is a bit different from the freedom party , as it is for a referendum about the lisbon treaty , but against an eu-withdrawal .
european settlement caused many species to disappear by the end of the nineteenth century .
in 1987 wexler was added to the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
it is very hard to get into tsinghua .
now nrc is organised as a private foundation .
the island is near the baltic sea , and it surrounds stralsund .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british sport that is linked to many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol's birthday , thailand is decorated with yellow .
the names of both galleries were cancelled in 2007 when they joined the national museum of scotland .
tagore copied many styles , including from northern new ireland , haida carvings from canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
in 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps at the michigan union .
she sang for reagan in 1988 as part of the great performances at the white house series , on pbs .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship by pinning eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she only stayed in the us until 1927 , when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in july 1989 , from pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix was held at brescia on 4 september 1921 .
he wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show that ophelia is an elongated object , pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use the official time .
shell pieces have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes in architecture .
there are four cities on the palos verdes peninsula : rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates , rolling hills , and palos verdes estates .
clank asked ratchet to help him find captain qwark to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes the user-centered design process in product development and works to make interaction design widely known .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator are part of a scheme against someone they have never met .
working group i looks at the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , and is separated from the main land and inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch , and the sea of hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , part of the iau , is the one who names and numbers the minor planets .
by september 30 , wind shear began to rise and the storm started to weaken .
every entry has a datum which is a duplicate of the datum in the storage area .
so , men and women attending a mosque must follow the guidelines even if they are not enforced .
mariel of redwall is a book written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born in 1988 , is a rugby player for bristol rugby .
like the last assessment , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their grandchild hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
this stamp was used for the rest of queen victoria 's reign and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion and the first of its kind .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
cameron has worked in many christian-themed films , such as left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war .
east of the vistula river was called " prussia proper " .
he returned to yerevan after college to teach at the conservatory and eventually was the art director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story is based on the bible stories from matthew and luke .
weelkes later had to face punishment for his drinking and bad behaviour .
celebrities such as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , and lee ryan have been featured in the show so far .
stephen p. synnott discovered it from images taken by voyager 1 on march 5 , 1979 .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the resistance 's release date was revealed on the website on 16 june 2009 .
he is also in another group called 183 club .
hippolytus said that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the chorus at christian feasts .
to show his loyalty and faith , rollo swore fealty to charles and promised to protect the north of france from other vikings .
voa special english is the source of it .
disney was given a full-size oscar and seven mini ones , which was presented to him by shirley temple , who was 10 years old at the time .
it was the first asteroid seen by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an area in graubünden , switzerland .
the area is now known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb when it should be 1 mib .
the incident has been widely discussed in terms of ethics in scholarship .
the animal is castrated to make it more tame and gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special powers , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and strong .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows that the 2009 version takes 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and needs 7 mb of memory .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region .
before recently , it was assumed that itch and pain were the same , but it has been discovered that they have many similarities , but also some differences .
the tongue has glycoproteins and mucous that helps it move in and out of the snout and also catches ants and termites .
the same tram derailed during tests a few weeks ago .
there are statues of two former ipswich town and england managers outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided necessities and entertainment for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in northwestern france .
if there are no land use rules , buildings will be built on the bypass and it will become as crowded as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is used as a starting point for people to visit cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises are usually painful but not really dangerous .
nobody connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information given on it .
george frideric handel was the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and can't see that well .
they are tough like chitin , but they are biological materials .
oregano is used a lot in greek food .
tickets can be bought for national rail , docklands light railway and oyster card .
he created and published his own works , and most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned .
historians use the historical method to research and write history .
the icecap is thought to add to the high oxygen levels in lake vostok .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is not wanting to read even though you are able to do so .
mifepristone is a steroid used for medical purposes .
after eating , it will move back to the river bed and digest its food before getting ready for its next meal .
research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , or care about .
now , landis ' father is a big fan of his son and supports him completely .
after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer edges of the hurricane started to look disorganized .
the wage is the equilibrium price for labor .
they thought the grounds were haunted , so they wrote a book about it in 1911 under fake names .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has many restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 soldiers to guard the new territory .
in 1438 trevi became under the control of the church and then in 1860 it was part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and after causing flooding in brazil , it disappeared the next day .
the nycha police department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995 .
the band has four members , flynn , duce , phil demmel and dave mcclain .
countries with a minority muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation more than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east .
pete and dud have been turned into characters with bad language .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before they released an album .
in 1998 , culver won the race for iowa secretary of state .
mark messier won the hart in 1990 by only two votes , one being a first-place vote .
shade's disobedience of a law sets the plot in motion , leading to the destruction of the colony's home and their forced migration , leaving shade separated from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent .
he got a diagnosis of inoperable abdominal cancer in 1999 .
before the storm , the national park service closed the outer banks' visitor centers and campsites .
the chess played is speed chess and each player has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area that is drained by the amazon river .
later , both presidents were charged with treason and mutiny for their part in the 1979 coup and the gwangju massacre of 1980 .
the damage went up the atlantic coast and inland to west virginia .
these computers are often compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware .
the wave moved across the atlantic and turned into a tropical depression off haiti's northern coast on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four main texts of the gospel are matthew , mark , luke , and john , written between 65-100 ad .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
unlike the clouds here , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made from frozen methane .
they can't participate until they are legally adults .
stable releases are rare but you can often use snapshots of the subversion which are stable .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , his 'fated city' .
the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important churches in the soviet era .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in san benito d ' alcantara .
miller and urey showed this in their 1953 experiment .
cogeneration is the process of producing both power and heat at the same time .
sometimes , the male in charge will let a second male into the den , but it's not known why .
wikipedia gadgets are small pieces of javascript and css code that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt twice , between 1945 and 1948 .
she stayed behind when the others were moved , and there are various explanations as to why .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there until he died .
chauvin was ashamed to get his award and was not sure if he wanted to take it .
eventually , esperanto speakers started to see the language and the culture built around it as worth keeping even if it is not accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the cyclone weakened the deep convection by september 12 .
calvin baker is an author .
eva braun was the companion and for a short time wife of adolf hitler .
every version of the license has a different number .
users don't have to register an account but must choose a nickname in order to connect to an irc server .
he also got a mechanics certificate that same year , making him the youngest plane mechanic in new york .
summerslam '09 will be a wrestling pay-per-view event in los angeles on august 23rd .
he is usually depicted as a bald man with long whiskers , and is thought to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , which means they can change their color , either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores .
val venis won the wwf intercontinental championship match against rikishi , when tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy where multiple programs do one job well and working together with universal connections .
his parents were both musically inclined ; his mother sang and his father was a band director at yale .
mennonites are located in many countries on 6 continents , including canada , the united states and the democratic republic of congo .
naas is a big town near dublin and many people there work in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin , and spikes on its neck and shoulders .
irmo was created in 1890 when the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad opened .
on the other hand , bills from the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
before his last release in 1474 , vlad and his wife were living in a house in budapest , making plans to take back wallachia .
you can add up to five words on the front cover and up to 25 words on the back cover of the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is found inside bones .
reflection nebulae have a blue color because blue light is scattered more easily than red light .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of france .
macgruber needs items to make something to disarm the bomb , but he gets sidetracked and runs out of time .
messiaen had almost finished the last movement when he died , and yvonne loriod completed it with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims highly value karbala as one of their holiest cities .
the pad wanted the resignation of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they said were working for thaksin .
travelling in remote areas needs prior planning and a reliable , four wheel drive vehicle .
he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 at kahn .
he needed to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön departed .
britpop was a music genre in the 1990s , with bands inspired by the 1960s and 1970s pop music from the UK .
battalions were formed for the xi international brigade , and they included the people from this group .
the sheppard line has fewer users , so shorter trains are used .
it can hold 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe .
in 1967 , ten boom was honored by israel as one of the righteous among the nations .
some articles are long and detailed while others are short and of lower quality .
there are currently 95 species known .
eugowra means " the place where the sand washes down the hill " in an indigenous australian language .
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , and the power of government .
then he made other works about hiawatha , like the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's farewell .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
farrenc was still paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles , taught by vorkapich .
mk sun wanted to become a lawyer , like his idol brandon waise lee .
cowra is a historic township in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson joined the australian army in 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were mining around the peel river and up the mountains .
before the pocket calculator was invented , the slide rule was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech , and is thinner .
yoghurt is a fermented milk product .
there are more defencemen in the hall of fame than any other position , although there are fewer goaltenders .
all different views on the subject have been suggested over the years , but all were denied by christian religions .
however , the album was forbidden in many shops .
the legs are wider near the top and narrower near the ankles .
suleman made news when she cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations in late 2004 because of his talks about moving to sirius satellite radio .
wendy's opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald's and had higher sales than them in 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the rule " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is ancient .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed in saudi arabia .
stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests were all stopped .
many of offenbach 's operettas were popular in france and english speaking countries during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol were found near xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  1921 - 1968  was a french musician , composer , and teacher .
the instrument was hard to control .
the earliest church in assisi is santa maria maggiore .
data shows the meteorite is mostly made of iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a business magazine about railways , metros , light rails and trams .
he was given the honour of being a companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche has the base of the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering on it .
a matchbook is a folder that holds matches and has a striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to speak out against smoking around children and drug use during pregnancy .
she defiantly promised that she would never give up the commune and challenged the judges to execute her .
there is a manga trilogy about graystripe that follows his journey from being taken by twolegs in dawn until his return to thunderclan in the sight .
many syrians did not stay in one place ; some could talk to americans every day because they were peddlers .
he was known for making prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .
when she was a child she had two collapsed lungs , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a burst appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer has stated that the need for nest boxes is proof that logging is not helping to keep hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum safe .
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team based in montreal , canada .
inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors .
gribble was the original name given to wood-boring species , like limnoria lignorum which was first described from norway in 1799 .
wounds from a club are bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after this , the county was run from duns and lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
nobody has done a quadruple axel in a competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military locations using the telephone exchange .
even those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules .
it is small and has a pointed face , like a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work is done compared to how much time and resources were used .
the volga river has some of the biggest reservoirs around the world .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin can be very dark or very light in color .
with help from the ford foundation , yunus was able to create the community development bank with help from bankers from shorebank in chicago .
bremer said that saddam was going to be put on trial , but he did not know the details .
the professional hockey writers ' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the season .
afghanistan is bordered by tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve , born in 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby .
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are close to the area .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added to the column in 1938 39 when it was moved to its new spot .
west berlin had its own postal system and stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli , an italian renaissance painter , painted the primavera in c . 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and the capital of new south wales .
the material often used is epoxy , but sometimes polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used as well .
the name of the magazine is still used as a brand for the digital TV channel , radio station , and website .
when he was four-and-a-half , he was alone on the streets of northern italy for four years , living in different orphanages and roaming towns with groups of homeless children .
stands were put behind the goals in the 80s and 90s as the ground was modernised .
a town can still be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market , as long as the rights to do so still exist .
another bastion was built later on the east side .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad , norway , by his pagan vassals .
it's been theorized that tresca was killed by the soviet union because of his criticism of stalin .
montenegro and serbia both became independent countries as a result .
only use html and css markup when necessary .
schuschnigg said the reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
constituent can also mean citizens living in a politician's area , particularly those who voted for them .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
sylvester stallone had a small role in the french movie taxi 3 .
the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm on the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while going up templin highway near santa clarita .
the papers were published in a book the following year by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series beginning with wario land : super mario land 3 .
chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse .
the attacks might have been psychological , not physical .
according to a historian , quinine 's potency allowed colonists to go to the gold coast , nigeria and other places in western africa .
additionally , spectroscopy showed signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface .
she edited her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon , it is covered in craters and has no moons or atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are ideal for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by turks and afghans from the delhi sultanate until the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister can only stay in office if they have the support of the lower house .
this scene is important because it shows harry's courage , and he shows selflessness and kindness by bringing cedric's body back .
on june 1 , 1972 , raf members jan-carl raspe , holger meins and him were caught after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed a group named new music manchester to support contemporary music .
hurricane caused great damage to the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
it is now a place of pilgrimage with meher baba's tomb and facilities for visitors .
the main church's dome has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to do a triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
there is a total of 58 species of pipefish and seahorses .
saint martin is an island in the caribbean near puerto rico .
pdfs with images cannot be shared without further changes .
ben was taken into custody in april 1862 because he was with frank gardiner when they robbed something .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , which caused flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb with the option of saving the user's data .
each party had a group of representatives in the federal assembly : fdp : 2 , cvp : 2 , sp : 2 , and svp : 1 .
a fee is the payment given to someone for a service .
ohio state has 21 libraries on its campus in columbus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway as their overlord , but scotland was able to stop the norse invasion and make a good peace deal .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in 2000 , minix was made free / open source , but other systems had become more powerful , so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color can range from medium brown to light beige-white , and sometimes has dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica logo was the thistle , a symbol of scotland .
the warning was extended southwards as jose grew stronger , then it was canceled after it made landfall .
in 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that us marines used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi forces during the start of fighting .
these latter films give historians an idea of what the film may have been like .
this is because things like real estate , businesses and other assets in third world countries can't be used as security to get money for business growth .
he escaped from sydney cove a few times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan arrived at the police camp and demanded them to give up .
the press thought that the " midget-in-a-cake " promotion was not as good as veeck's usual promotions before the second game started .
joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back in a short video for charity equality now .
a mutant is a character from marvel comics .
the sat test is a test used to get into college in the usa .
in northern italy , geisslerlieder songs were created in response to civil unrest .
some reports say that there are multiple factors that can lead to paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh wrote that charles was looking for love when he first met sebastian , and found a " low door in the wall " that opened to a secret garden , something that has an important meaning throughout the book .
her association with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important .
dorsal means structures that are on the back side of an animal .
berzelius created the word "protein" after mulder saw that all proteins had the same formula and were made of one big molecule .
the gang hid for 16 months after the jerilderie raid to stay away from capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in northern france .
the color changes from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was completed in 1963 which curved north from union station and ended at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a railway line went through the simpson desert in australia .
it is on the old portage trail to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy can have sudden cardiac death or arrhythmia .
mesoamerica's biggest sub-region included a wide landscape , from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their sites and blog and gave a reason for the early release .
registering a pedigree with the college is possible , and they need to be checked before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not used in many classes .
he went on tour with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 , playing in the soviet union , china , and india .
the austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon at ulm in the napoleonic wars , resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties .
northern nigeria has long used it as an economic centre , and it is used for producing and exporting groundnuts .
many south indians speak one of the dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora got the band many awards and honors .
then , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho after a brief standoff .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
the slavs moved into the area in the 5th century .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new buildings were built on campus , such as for dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is in illinois .
the name arzashkun seems to have been derived from an armenian name ending in -ka and the name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene the ancients used to call part of lake van .
she was one of the chosen 15 out of 16,421 people on the tv show .
it ran from 1993 to 2005 , being shown on abc .
the latter device can be used in other environments .
gimnasia hired francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but they did not have much success .
brighton is a city in iowa , usa .
in addition , she was in some music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde received its town charter on june 24 , 1979 to celebrate its 750th anniversary .
pauline came back in the 1994 game boy remake of donkey kong and later in 2006 in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis , though she is now referred to as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is able to stretch a lot during childbirth .
the exact date of birth is not known , but it is between 1935 and 1939 .
this measurement shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to stop a biological process or an enzyme , cell , cell receptor , or microorganism by half .
the bernese alps are not only in the bernese oberland region , but also in other cantons like valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter , mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said that bawden is one of his favorite artists , but not many people know of him .
a string can vibrate in many different ways , just like a guitar string can produce different notes , and each vibration appears as a different particle .
gable got an oscar nomination for his performance as fletcher christian in mutiny on the bounty in 1935 .
