one side of the conflict is mainly the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a militia of the abbala tribes from northern sudan.
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , the holiest islamic city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
scientists think the great dark spot is a hole in neptune's methane clouds .
his next book , saturday , follows a chaotic day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster, spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength.
he died six weeks later on january 13, 888.
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal also receives the colin mears award of £ 5000 .
after the drummers are the dancers , who usually play the sogo drum and perform complex dances .
the spacecraft contains two components : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro mazzola was born on november 8, 1942 and was a famous italian football player.
it was believed that the impact filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and got his ba in anthropology .
but , the bzö is different from the freedom party as they are in favor of a referendum on the lisbon treaty but against EU withdrawal .
many species disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to european settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
it is hard to get accepted into tsinghua .
nrc is now organised as a private, independent foundation .
the baltic sea is located near stralsund and surrounds the city .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982.
fives is a british game believed to come from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol's birthday , thailand is decorated with yellow colors .
in 2007 , both names were merged into the national museum of scotland .
however, tagore copied many styles, like northern new ireland crafts, haida carvings from british columbia and max pechstein's woodcuts.
john f. kennedy suggested the formation of the peace corps on october 14th , 1960 at the michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which was broadcasted on pbs.
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship after saturn pinned eddie guerrero with a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the us until 1927 and then returned to france with her husband .
despina was found in july 1989 by voyager 2 .
the first italian grand prix was held on 4 september 1921 in brescia .
he wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images show ophelia as a stretched out object , pointing towards uranus .
the british wanted to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use the official western australian time .
shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
worried that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank begs ratchet to help him find the legendary superhero captain qwark to stop drek .
it is not a real louse .
he encourages using a user-centered design in product development and also works to spread interaction design as a major field .
it is possible that the other editors and the admin who blocked you are in a conspiracy against someone far away who they have never met .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of climate change and the climate system .
the hebridean islands are separated from mainland scotland and the inner hebrides by the sea of the hebrides, the minch, and the little minch.
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12 , 2008 .
The minor planet center , a branch of the iau , assigns number-name combinations for formal minor planet designations .
by september 30 , wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum which is a duplicate of the datum in the source .
so , even though many mosques won't enforce violations , both men and women must follow these rules when going to a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques from 1991 .
ryan prosser , born 10 july 1988 , plays rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
just like past assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a nuclear physics professor at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
this stamp stayed the same for the rest of queen victoria's rule and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion and the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and creates offspring in the small intestines and causes giardiasis.
cameron has also done many christian-related films , such as the left behind series , where he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this region was east of the vistula river , later labeled " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was later chosen to direct the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas comes from the gospels of matthew and luke .
later , weelkes got in trouble with the chichester cathedral for his drinking and bad behavior .
so far , famous people on the show have been vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 probe taken while orbiting around jupiter on march 5th , 1979.
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser hosted the spanish radio show gomaespuma .
the release date of the resistance was announced on 16 june 2009 on the band's website .
he is also part of the boyband 183 club.
hippolytus's apostolic tradition says that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the chorus in early christian agape feasts.
rollo agreed to swear loyalty to charles, convert to christianity, and protect the northern part of france from other viking groups.
it comes from the voa special english .
disney was given a big oscar statue and seven small ones by 10-year-old actress shirley temple .
a spacecraft spotted the first asteroid .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220 bytes is referred to as 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
there have been many reports about the ethical issues of scholarship due to this incident .
they are neutered so that the animal will be calmer and can gain weight faster .
seventh sons have magical powers and seventh sons of seventh sons are very powerful and rare .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows that the 2009 version takes 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and uses 7 mb of memory .
volterra is a town in tuscany, Italy .
before recently , itch and pain were thought to be linked , but it was found that itch has some similarities to pain but also has its own unique features .
the tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-filled mucous which helps the tongue move and to catch ants and termites .
the same tram had derailed before at starr gate loop in 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , former ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys for kids , massages , and a rock band show for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a village in the sarthe region of northwestern france .
if there are no strict land use guidelines , buildings are built along the bypass , turning it into a normal town road , and it can become as crowded as other streets it was supposed to avoid .
it is also a place to start for those wanting to discover cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually hurt but are not usually dangerous .
nobody connected to wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information you get from it .
george frideric handel worked for george , elector of hanover who later became george i of britain .
their eyes are small and they have bad vision .
chitin is the only material tougher than them in biology .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster cards .
he made and published his own works , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned projects .
historians use the historical method to research and write history with primary sources and evidence .
the heavy continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen levels .
the population in 2000 was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the ability to read but having no interest in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug .
it will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research also shows that kids are less likely to tell an adult if they know , trust , and / or care about the person who committed the crime .
now , landis' father is a big fan of his son and supports him strongly .
after reaching category 4 , the outer storm clouds of the hurricane became disorganized .
the wage is the equilibrium price for labor.
believing that the estate was haunted , they wrote a book about their experiences and published it in 1911 using the pen names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered area .
in 1438 trevi was taken over by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and then was part of the papal states and finally italy in 1860 .
the depression moved away from the coast on the 20th and died out over brazil the next day, causing flooding and heavy rain.
the nycha police was a law enforcement agency in nyc from 1952 to 1995.
the band now consists of flynn , duce , phil demmel and dave mcclain .
countries with a minority muslim population use mosques to encourage civic engagement more than muslim-majority countries in the middle east .
the characters are sweary versions of pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before any studio albums were released .
in 1998, culver was elected iowa secretary of state.
in 1990, mark messier won the hart trophy by two votes, with a single first-place vote.
shade goes against the law which starts the main plot of the novel and leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing them to move away and him to be separated from them.
the female is a daughter .
he was told he had inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds near the outer banks .
they play speed chess in which each person has 12 minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area drained by the amazon river in south america .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage went up the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are likened to zombies since their owner is usually unaware .
the wave moved across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression near haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , written around 65 to 100 ad .
since the 1800s, eschelbronn is famous for its furniture industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
but , unlike the earth's clouds which are made of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are frozen methane crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they turn 18 .
stable dev releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
eventually , in 1482 the order sent him to florence , his 'fate city' .
during the soviet era , two of rostov's important buildings - st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan - were demolished .
he passed away on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration is when a power station generates both electricity and heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let another male into the den , but it is unknown why .
wikipedia gadgets are javascript and / or css code snippets that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia settings .
here are some helpful links to get you involved.
he served as egypt's prime minister between 1945 and 1948.
she was left when the rest of the nicoleños moved to the mainland, with varying explanations.
james i made him a chapel royal gentleman and he worked as an organist there until he died in 1615 .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and said he may not take it .
later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture it created as their own goals , even if it was never accepted by the un or other international organizations.
dry air around the south of the cyclone caused the deep convection to weaken on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist .
eva braun , also known as eva hitler , was adolf hitler's wife and companion from 1912 to 1945.
every license has its own version number .
irc servers usually don't need users to register an account, but they must choose a nickname before connecting.
in that year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest plane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe on august 23 at the staples center in los angeles .
he is normally bald, with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern star.
some animals can change colors to adapt to their environment, like the ermine and snowshoe hare or cephalopods.
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  and pinned him after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix idea of having many programs each doing one thing well and linking together through universal interfaces .
his mother larue was an office worker and singer , and his dad keith was the band director at yale .
most mennonites live in canada , congo and the us , but there are also mennonite communities in 51 countries around the world .
naas is a large suburb of dublin , with many residents living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes on its neck and shoulders, and along its spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 due to the columbia , newberry and laurens railway .
however , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
before his final release from prison in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in budapest while he made plans to retake wallachia .
you can add up to 5 words as a front cover text and up to 25 words as a back cover text .
he is buried in restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is found inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department of southern france .
macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb but is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time .
yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement of messiaen's work with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala as one of their holiest cities after the four main cities .
the pad demanded the resignations of the thaksin, samak and somchai governments, saying they were all proxies for thaksin.
but travelling through isolated areas needs advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive .
while at kahn he designed the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and leaves for rehearsal, with dr. schön.
britpop came from the british indie music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by groups inspired by british guitar pop music from the 60s and 70s .
these were merged into battalions for xi international brigade .
fewer people use the sheppard line than the other two subway lines, and it runs shorter trains.
it holds 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and worse quality .
95 species are accepted .
eugowra is said to get its name from an aborigine word meaning " the place where sand slides down the hill ".
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " movie " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the government to provide resources for its society.
afterwards , he made several other pieces about hiawatha , like the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than male colleagues for many years .
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee was his idol and mk sun became a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a town near cowra, new south wales, australia in cabonne shire.
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china mined along the peel river and up the mountains .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the popular tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, longer battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech and a thinner design.
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacteria fermenting milk .
75 defensemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goalies have been inducted .
different opinions on this issue have been suggested throughout history , but none were accepted by main christian groups .
the album was banned from many stores across the country .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman banned howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations due to his discussions of his move to sirius satellite radio .
wendy's has opened more canadian stores than mcdonald's and had higher system-wide sales than mcdonald's in Canada in 2002 .
caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a fireman in albany, georgia and follows the rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only woman allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913, stravinsky thought of writing the ballet.
protests were stopped across the country .
offenbach's operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were well-liked in france and english-speaking countries from 1850 to 1860.
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty were found near xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french musician , composer , and teacher .
the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore is the oldest church in assisi .
radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a magazine that reports news about railways , metros , light rails and trams from around the world .
he was given the honor of ch companion in 1988 .
loèche contains the onyx system , switzerland's interception system for electronic intelligence .
a matchbook is a folder containing matches and a striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first physicians to oppose smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
she defiantly promised not to leave the commune and dared the judges to kill her .
graystripe has a three volume manga series that follows him from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
syrians did not live in separate areas ; many of the immigrants who peddled could meet with americans everyday .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal furniture for gardens .
as a child she had collapsed lungs twice , yearly pneumonia , a burst appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university believes that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable if leadbeater's possum needs a nest box to survive.
the montreal canadiens are a pro hockey team based in montreal, canada .
small inductors can also be made on chips using the same processes as transistors .
the word 'gribble' was first used for the wood-eating species from norway in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county's management was based at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county's town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all military sites on the harbor .
but , even those who enter a mosque without praying must still follow rules .
it is said to have a pointed face and is the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work done by a computer system versus the time and resources used .
the volga has some of the world's biggest reservoirs .
the crosier represents the monasteries in the area .
human skin tones range from very dark to very light .
bankers from shorebank , a bank in chicago , aided yunus in the founding of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer talked about trying saddam , but the details of the trial weren't decided yet .
the hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .
tajikistan, turkmenistan, and uzbekistan border afghanistan on the north, iran on the west, pakistan on the south, and china on the east.
nupedia was created on march 9, 2000 by bomis, inc, a web-based company.
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key scheduling .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are close by .
physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current spot, and is decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin had its own postal system which printed its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
epoxy is the most common polymer used , but others such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are also used .
the name of the magazine is still used for a digital tv channel, radio station, and website.
when he was 4 1/2 years old , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for 4 years and stayed in different orphanages and roamed around towns with other homeless children .
in the 1980s and 1990s , stands were built behind each set of goals as the ground was modernized .
a town may be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a fortress was built on the east side later .
olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway on july 29.
some believe tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for his criticism of stalin's soviet union .
this made montenegro and serbia their own countries .
only use html and css markup when necessary .
schuschnigg denied the reports of riots publicly .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in croydon , london .
sometimes constituent means a person living in an area represented by a politician , usually one who voted for them .
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the team created a trailer with an arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed while driving up templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platform game series which began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land games .
chopin's opus 57 is a piano piece called a berceuse .
these attacks could have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
also , spectroscopic studies showed signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she was the official editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters, no moons, and no significant atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zurich .
these areas are perfect for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena rulers , dhaka was taken over by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister's stay in office depends on the support of the lower house .
rowling thinks this scene is important since it displays harry's courage and, by getting cedric's body, he shows kindness and sympathy.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
hurricane caused intense damage in the upper florida keys with a 18-20 feet storm surge .
now it is the location of meher baba's tomb-shrine and places for pilgrims to stay .
the main church's dome has been restored completely.
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition.
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island near puerto rico .
these pdfs can't be shared without editing if they have images .
ben was arrested in april 1862 by inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in britain on october 5, causing floods in some areas .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user 's settings and data can be kept if wanted .
the seats were split according to the strength of each party in the federal assembly : fdp 2 , cvp 2 , sp 2 , and svp 1 .
a fee is the cost paid as payment for services, especially to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
ohio state has 21 libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's control , but scotland fought off a norse attack and made a good peace treaty .
the songs from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
minix became free and open source in april 2000 , but other systems had become more powerful by that time , so it only remained used by students and hobbyists .
the body color ranges from light brown to golden to beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots, mainly on the limbs.
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the scottish flower.
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose got stronger, then canceled after it made landfall on september 23.
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that US marines used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards in the early stages of battle .
this gave audiences information similar to what intertitles do, which can help historians guess what the film was like .
this is because the underground economies of third world countries cannot be used to secure loans to finance business and industry growth.
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before he was shot and killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press said veeck's " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not up to his usual standards .
joss whedon said in a charity video that "fray is coming back".
a mutant is a character in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test , formerly the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test , is used to get into college in the US.
in northern italy , civil unrest led to the rise of geisslerlieder , songs sung by groups of flagellants .
reports say that some elements can lead to paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh says charles was looking for love when he first saw sebastian , discovering a secret garden which is a symbol in the book .
her friendship with grigori rasputin was also significant to her life .
dorsal means parts that are either located on or come from the back side of an animal .
berzelius gave the name " protein " to proteins after mulder found that they all had the same chemical formula and were made of one large molecule.
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in calvados, france .
the color is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was built , going north from union station , to bloor street and then west to st. george and bloor street .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways went through the western side of the simpson desert .
the town is situated on an ancient portage trail that goes west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region , it includes the sierra madre mountains and the semi-arid northern yucatán plains .
google then made the comic available on google books and their website and wrote about it on their blog with a reason for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , but it needs to be officially certified and audited before any changes can be made .
the book political economy was released in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 , playing in the soviet union , china , and india .
at the battle of ulm , the austrian general mack surrendered to napoleon's grand army , resulting in napoleon's victory and over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the austrian side.
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and produces and exports groundnuts .
most south indians speak a dravidian language like kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu, or tulu.
meteora won the band many awards and accolades .
after a short confrontation , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
the slavs began to move into the area in the 5th century.
between 1900 and 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, such as dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, hill auditorium, a large hospital and library, and two dormitories.
winchester is a city in illinois, usa .
the name arzashkun is the assyrian version of an armenian name with -ka, made from arzash, which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa, which was used for part of lake van.
out of 16,421 people at the audition , she was one of the 15 chosen to be on the tv show .
abc aired the show from 1993 to 2005 .
the device can then be used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired two well-known colombian trainers, francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both achieved little .
brighton is a city in iowa , usa .
she was also seen in music videos such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde was given its town charter on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village .
pauline was featured in the 1994 game boy remake of donkey kong and in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 and is now known as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth .
his real birthday is unknown , but it's assumed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measurement shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to stop a biological process, like an enzyme, cell, receptor, or microorganism, by half.
the bernese alps stretch across several cantons, not just bern.
he had one daughter , mary ann fisher power , with ann e power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , but not many people knew about him .
the string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string does, and each mode is a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable was nominated for an oscar for his role as fletcher christian in the 1935 movie mutiny on the bounty .
