sudanese military and janjaweed , a militia group from the abbala tribes in sudan , are involved in the conflict .
jeddah is the main access to mecca , the sacred city of islam which muslims must visit at least once in their life .
the great dark spot is a hole in neptune's methane clouds .
his next book , saturday , talks about a busy day for a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster , spun a black cord and pulled the ball to the east with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are related to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal recipient also gets the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers come the dancers , who play the sogo and have more complicated dances .
the spacecraft is composed of two parts: the cassini orbiter and the huygens probe .
alessandro mazzola is a former italian football player born on november 8, 1942 .
people thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and got a degree in anthropology .
the bzö differs from the freedom party because it wants a referendum on the lisbon treaty but not to leave the eu .
many species were gone by the end of the 1800s due to european settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its pure form .
it is very hard to get accepted into tsinghua .
nrc is now a private foundation .
it is located on the baltic sea coast, encompassing stralsund .
he was given the 1982 " sportsman of the year " award by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport related to racquet sports .
for instance , on king bhumibol's birthday , thailand is decorated with yellow decorations .
both names ended in 2007 when they became the national museum of scotland .
still , tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from canada's british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps at the michigan union .
she sang for president reagan on the 1988 great performances at the white house series , which was on pbs .
perry saturn and terri won the european championship by pinning eddie guerrero with a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in america until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in july 1989 from voyager 2 .
the first italian grand prix was held on september 4 , 1921 in brescia .
he also wrote two books of short stories , the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 showed ophelia as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use western australian time .
mosaics and inlays are made with small pieces of shell to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates , and rolling hills .
clank and ratchet try to find the famous hero captain qwark to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes user-centered design in product making and also promotes interaction design as a common field .
it is possible that the other editors and the admin who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met in person .
working group i looks at the science of the climate system and climate change .
the hebrides islands are separated from scotland and the inner hebrides by the choppy waters of the minch, little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife had a baby girl named alanna marie on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center oversees the official naming of minor planets .
on september 30 , wind shear began to increase and it caused the storm to weaken .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum found in a database .
so , when attending a mosque , both men and women must follow the rules set by the mosque .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser is a professional rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the assessment report has four reports , three from the working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
this stamp was used for the rest of victoria 's reign and a lot of them were printed .
the international fight league was the first mma league in the world .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that causes giardiasis and is found in the small intestine .
cameron has done many christian-themed productions , like the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he does the role of cameron " buck " williams .
the area was east of the vistula river and was later called "prussia proper".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach music and was then made the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible , matthew and luke .
later , weelkes was in trouble with the chichester cathedral due to his drinking and improper behavior .
so far the celebrity episodes have included names like vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in photographs from the voyager 1 spacecraft taken on march 5 , 1979 around jupiter .
gomaespuma is a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the resistance was announced on the band 's website on june 16 , 2009 .
he is also in a band called 183 club .
hippolytus stated that hallel psalms were sung at early christian feasts with alleluia as the chorus .
in exchange , rollo said he was loyal to charles , converted to christianity , and was going to protect the northern part of france from other vikings .
it comes from the voa special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones by 10-year-old shirley temple .
the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft was discovered .
hinterrhein is in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
many reports have been written about the ethical implications of the incident .
they are castrated so that the animal is calmer and gains weight faster .
a seventh son of a seventh son is very rare and has great magical abilities .
passmark software's benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is located in tuscany , italy .
in the past , itch and pain were not thought to be different from each other , but now it is known that itch has some similarities to pain but also some differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps it move in and out of the snout and also captures ants and termites .
the same tram derailed before on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop.
outside the ground are statues of alf ramsey and bobby robson , former ipswich town and england managers .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys , massages and a rock band show to people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is an area in the sarthe department in france .
if there are no land use rules , then buildings can be built on a bypass, making it become like a regular road and eventually become as busy as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is a place to start for those wanting to travel to cooktown , cape york , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can be painful but are not usually dangerous .
nobody connected with wikipedia is responsible for any information used from the website .
george frideric handel served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and they can't see well .
only chitin is tougher than them as a biological material .
oregano is important in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he produced and published his own works , and his bigger woodcuts were commissioned .
historians use the historical method to use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the weight of the ice on lake vostok is believed to make the oxygen level high .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is when someone can read but does not want to .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug .
then , it will leave and sink to the river to digest its food and wait for the next meal .
studies have shown that children are less likely to tell on someone they know , trust , and / or care about if the crime is committed by them .
now , landis ' father is a big fan of floyd and very supportive of him .
after it became a category 4 storm , the hurricane's outer convection became disorganized .
the wage is the balance for a certain type of labor .
they believed the place was haunted and ended up writing a book about it under fake names in 1911 .
he moved to london and mainly focused on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to be in charge of the conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was taken over by the church and its history merged with the states of the church and then with the kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland without any convection , and ended the next day causing heavy rain and flooding in brazil .
the nycha police department was a law enforcement agency in nyc and it existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the band consists of flynn , duce , phil demmel , and dave mcclain .
countries with a small number of muslims are more likely than middle eastern countries to use mosques to promote civic involvement .
pete and dud are the characters and they swear a lot .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall but left before they released any album .
in 1998 , culver won the iowa secretary of state race .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy by only two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade breaks the law and starts a chain of events that leads to the colony's home being destroyed , the premature migration of the colony and his separation from them .
a female is a daughter .
in april of 1999 , it was found that he had cancer in his abdomen that could not be operated on .
before the storm came , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds close to the outer banks .
the chess game they play is speed chess with 12 minutes for the game .
the amazon basin is the area that is drained by the amazon river and its rivers .
later , the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
the damage caused by the storm went up the atlantic coast and as far as west virginia .
computers are compared to zombies because the owner is unaware of them .
the wave became a tropical depression off haiti's coast on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical gospel texts are matthew , mark , luke and john , written between 65 and 100 ad .
since the 1800s , eschelbronn was known for its furniture making industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
unlike clouds on earth , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they are adults .
there are not many stable releases , but there are usually working snapshots from subversion .
in 1482 , he was sent to florence , his destiny city .
during the soviet era , two landmarks in rostov were demolished - st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan .
he died in madrid , spain on may 29 , 1518 and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration is when a heat engine or power station produces both electricity and heat at the same time .
sometimes the male den master lets in another male , but it's not known why .
wikipedia gadgets are small pieces of code that can be activated by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , though the reason is unknown .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there until he died .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and thought of not accepting it .
eventually , esperanto speakers accepted the language and its culture without needing it to be recognized by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection by early september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the usa .
eva anna paula braun (6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945) was the girlfriend and, for a short time, wife of adolf hitler.
each license has a unique version number .
most irc servers don't need users to register but they must set a nickname first .
in that year he was given the title of airplane mechanic , making him the youngest certified in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a wrestling show from wwe on august 23 , 2009 in los angeles .
he is usually shown with a bald head and long whiskers , and is thought to be an manifestation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change their color quickly to match the environment , such as the cephalopod family .
val venis won the steel cage match against rikishi and kept the wwf intercontinental championship .
this is much like the unix idea of having multiple programs that each do one job good and working together with universal interfaces .
his parents were both musical ; his mother was a singer and his father was a band director at yale .
the biggest groups of mennonites are in canada , congo and the usa , but they can also be found in many other countries in 6 continents .
naas is a large town near dublin , with many people living there and working in the city .
acanthopholis had oval plates of armour on its body with spikes on its neck and shoulders .
irmo was made a town in 1890 because of the building of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills from the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
before his freedom in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in hungary , as he was getting ready to take over wallachia .
you can add up to five words to the front of the book and 25 words to the back of the book in the modified version.
he is buried in restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light , which is the same process that makes the sky blue and the sunsets red .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse region of france .
macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb , but something happens that makes him lose his focus and run out of time .
messiaen had almost finished the piece when he passed away , and yvonne loriod finished it with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be a holy city , after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad wanted the governments of thaksin , samak and somchai to resign , as they were seen as thaksin's representatives .
but , traveling to isolated areas on tracks needs planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle .
he was chief architect for the fisher building while at kahn in 1928 .
he apologises and says he has to leave for rehearsal , and then leaves with dr. schön .
britpop music was popular in the early 1990s and was influenced by older british guitar pop music .
this was combined into battalions for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has less passengers than the other two subway lines and has shorter trains .
it can hold 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the good people by israel .
some articles are long and have a lot of content while others are short and not as good .
there are 95 species accepted .
eugowra is said to have been named after the aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand slides down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is defined by international law , conflict of laws , and constitutional law , as well as the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government .
he then wrote many other pieces about hiawatha including : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha's leaving .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
although this , farrenc was paid less than male colleagues for nearly 10 years .
gumbasia was made with the filmmaking techniques taught by vorkapich .
brandon waise lee was mk sun's idol and he grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a old township in the central west of new south wales , australia .
donaldson joined the australian army on june 18 , 2002 .
prospectors from many places were searching the peel river and up the mountain sides .
before calculators , the slide rule was used most often for scientific and engineering calculations .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech and is thinner .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk .
75 defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
throughout the centuries , some different views on the subject have been suggested , but none of them have been accepted by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed in many record stores .
the legs taper from wide at the top to narrow at the ankles .
in late 2004 , suleman cut howard stern's show from four citadel stations because of his discussions about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened more canadian outlets than mcdonald's and also made more system-wide sales in 2002 than mcdonald's canadian operations.
captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the rule of never leaving his partner behind .
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the votes .
it is known as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only woman entertainer to be allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913, stravinsky thought of writing a ballet .
the protests were stopped .
offenbach's operettas were very successful in france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol were found west of the old city of chang ' an .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french musician , composer , and teacher from 1921 to 1968 .
usually , the instrument was impossible to control .
the first existing church in assisi is santa maria maggiore .
radar observations show that it is made up of mostly iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries globally .
he was given the ch honor in 1988 .
loèche holds the onyx interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder that has matches inside and a rough spot for striking on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to speak out against smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she promised not to give up the commune and dared the judges to kill her .
there is a three-part manga series about graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs to when he returned to thunderclan .
syrians did not just stay in cities and many of the peddlers had daily contact with americans .
he was known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture made of metal .
when she was a child she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia many times , a burst appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. lindenmeyer believes that the need for nest boxes suggests that logging is not sustainable for species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team located in montreal , canada .
small inductors can be created on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
gribble was the name given to wood-boring species , like limnoria lignorum , which was first described from norway in 1799 .
getting hit with a club causes bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county was managed either in duns or lauder until greenlaw was named the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition yet .
the commandant could contact all military units on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
but, even if someone goes into the prayer hall of a mosque without praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is described as having a pointed face and is the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is how much work it does in a certain amount of time and resources .
the volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier represents the monasteries in the area .
human skin color can vary from dark brown to light pink .
bankers from shorebank gave yunus help to make the bank official with the help of a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but the details had not been figured out yet .
the hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan and afghanistan are neighbors , and iran is to the west , pakistan to the south , and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc .
the design has special s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born in jwaneng , botswana in 1987 and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby .
other settlements near are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
gell-mann and zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
a fourth ring, decorated with golden garlands, was added when the column was moved in 1938-39 .
west berlin had its own mailing system until 1990 which used its own stamps .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli from 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
the material used is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used too .
the name still stands as a brand for a related digital tv channel , radio station , and website which still remain after the magazine was stopped .
when he was four-and-a-half years old he was alone in the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and travelling with groups of homeless children .
stands were added in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground got modernized .
you can call a town a market town even if it doesn't hold a market , if it still has the right to do so .
a bastion was later built on the east side .
in july 29 , the battle of stiklestad in norway happened , where olav haraldsson was defeated by his vassals and killed .
some suggest that tresca was killed by the nkvd for criticizing stalin's soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become separate countries .
use html and css markup only when needed .
schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a town in croydon , england .
constituent can also mean a citizen living in an area served by a politician , especially those who voted for them .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo appearance in the french movie taxi 3 as a rider .
so , the crew made a trailer with a arm on the " hovercraft " and filmed while driving on templin highway near santa clarita .
the papers of this conference were printed in a book in the following year called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platform game series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 .
chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for just the piano .
these attacks could have been psychological instead of physical .
a historian said that quinine allowed people to move into the gold coast and nigeria in west africa .
spectroscopic studies have also shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface .
she edited her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has lots of craters , no moons , and no atmosphere .
the town is in the limmat valley near baden and zürich .
these areas are great for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors of the delhi sultanate before the mughals appeared in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as they have the lower house's support .
rowling thinks this scene is important because it displays harry's courage and selflessness by getting cedric's body .
on june 1 , 1972 , raspe , meins and anders were arrested after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
together they started new music manchester , a group that focuses on modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys and a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet .
now it is the place of meher baba's tomb-shrine and also has places for visitors to stay .
the dome of the church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to land the triple axel jump .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
fifty eight species of pipefish and seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island located in the northeast caribbean , around 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
these pdfs can not be shared without manipulation if they have images .
in 1862 , ben was arrested after he was caught participating in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in parts of britain on october 5 , leading to flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user can save their own information if they want .
the seats were distributed depending on the parties' strength in the federal assembly with the fdp having 2 members, cvp having 2 members, sp having 2 members, and svp having 1 member.
a fee is the payment for services, such as a doctor or lawyer .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the control of norway , but scotland defended itself from the norse invasion and made a good peace deal .
the songs from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix was made free and open source software , but other operating systems had surpassed it and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color can be anything from medium brown to golden to beige-white and can sometimes be marked with dark brown spots , mostly on the limbs .
the britannica was scottish , as seen in its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the warning on september 22 was extended south because of the intensifying of jose , and was cancelled after landfall on september 23 .
in 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that us marines used mark 77 bombs on iraqi republicans during combat .
these helped people understand the film better , like intertitles do , and help historians figure out what it was like .
this is because the assets in the underground economies of third world countries cannot be used as collateral to get money for commercial and industrial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being shot in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender .
before the second game began , the press thought that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not good enough for veeck's standards .
joss whedon said that "fray is coming back" in a video for charity equality now.
mutants are characters in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is used for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy created geisslerlieder , a type of medieval music sung by flagellants .
reports show that things like can make you more likely to be paralyzed or hallucinate .
he was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh said that charles was looking for love when he met sebastian and found a secret garden which is a symbol in the book .
she was also known for her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin .
the term 'dorsal' refers to parts of an animals body that are either on or grow off the back side .
berzelius created the word "protein" after mulder discovered that all proteins had the same formula and could be made with one type of big molecule .
the gang stayed away from people for 16 months trying to avoid capture after the jerilderie raid .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department of france .
the color can be orange or pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , going north from union station and ending at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways line crossed the western side of the simpson desert .
the old portage trail went west to unalakleet and it is still there .
people with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden death .
mesoamerica is the biggest sub-region and has a lot of different landscapes , including the sierra madre mountains and the plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their site and blog, and explained why it was released early.
the college requires that all pedigrees be audited and have official proofs before being altered .
the book ' political economy ' was published in 1985 , but was not used much in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever concerts in the soviet union and again in 1994 with concerts in china and india .
in 1805 , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon 30,000 prisoners and making the austrians lose 10,000 people .
northern nigeria's economic centre is kano and it is used for exporting groundnuts .
most south indians use one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora won awards for the band .
after a short pause , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard and robert sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century the slavs began moving into the area .
between 1900 and 1920 many new buildings were built on campus , such as a chemistry building , a natural science building , auditoriums , hospital and library complexes , and dorms .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
arzashkun is an assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka , which reminds of the name arsene , arsissa , used by the old people to refer to part of lake van .
she was chosen from 16,421 participants to be on the tv show .
it aired on abc from 1993 to 2005 .
the device can be used in more relaxed environments .
gimnasia hired two trainers , francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but with little success .
brighton is a city in iowa , usa .
she has been in some music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde got its town charter on june 24 , 1979 , which was the 750th anniversary of the village .
pauline came back in the 1994 game boy remake of donkey kong and in 2006 in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis , and is now called " mario 's friend ".
the vagina can stretch many times its normal size during birth .
his birth date is unknown , but believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure tells how much of a drug is needed to stop a biological process or part of a process by half .
the bernese alps are located in the bernese oberland region and in other cantons like valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had a daughter , mary ann fisher power , with ann e power .
edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists and was upset that not many people knew about him .
the string can vibrate and produce different particles , like an electron or photon .
gable was nominated for an academy award for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
