one side of the armed conflicts is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mainly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an extremely eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , ran away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he passed away six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummer are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is an italian ex-football player .
it was initially believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , as is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was welcomed into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan appears as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is organised as an autonomous , private foundation .
it lies at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also called 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport thought to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday all over thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became obsolete in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore imitated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  defeated eddie guerrero  with chyna  to win the wwf european championship  8:10  saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship occurred on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also finished two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing toward uranus .
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not observe official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to adorn walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an attempt to stop drek .
it is not really a true louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they had never met in person .
working group i : examines scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations monitored by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to drastically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it includes four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and huge amounts were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion touted as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he portrays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes known as " prussia proper " .
after graduation he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was chosen artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , particularly - .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and outrageous behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was revealed on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , shows the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is taken from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it remains as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is mentioned as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the topic of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are neutered so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  specific magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extremely rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the feelings of itch and pain have not been thought to be separate until recently , where it was discovered that itch has several features in common with pain , but shows notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to trap ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in western france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , in any way , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who eventually became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small , and their vision is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he created and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly ordered work .
the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a medicine .
it will then detach itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or loves .
today , landis ' father has become a passionate supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's greatest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became tattered .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
sure that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , devoting himself mainly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own supermarket .
he left a group of 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history joins first with that of the states of the church , then  1860  with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and disappeared the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
advocacy countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to encourage civic participation .
the characters are profane extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being one first-place vote .
shade starts the main plot of the novel in motion when he rashly defies that law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their early migration , and his separation from them .
the female counterpart is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its branches .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their parts in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage stretched up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is renewed yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , likely written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is renowned for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are made of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
their involvement is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are reliable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the male " den master " will also permit a second male into the den ; the reason for this is uncertain .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be enabled easily by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some helpful links to encourage your involvement .
he acted as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind  explanations for this differ  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to view the language and the culture that had grown up around it as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and , for a short time , wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license is given a different version number .
most irc servers do not demand users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will happen on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this strongly resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band leader at yale .
the biggest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in close-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a big " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
conversely , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he started preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more effective for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber begins asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something  usually involving his personal life  that causes him to run out of time .
this was mostly complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with guidance from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims regard karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn he was main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön go .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was identified by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer riders than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and full of content while others are shorter  possibly stubs  and of lower quality .
around 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is believed to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common terms in english .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to meet the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , prelude to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  population .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee  , became his hero , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an ancient township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most widely used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness lowered from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other present position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album , however , was prohibited from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and slim at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by removing howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's regular discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also exceeded those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strictly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is thought of as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer permitted to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestration stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were silenced .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been discovered west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
by most reports , the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  , the oldest existing church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries all over the world .
he was appointed companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche holds the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  containing a number of matches and having a rough striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never renounce the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , from the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not gather in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a regular basis .
he was also renowned for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for protecting hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be constructed on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , particularly the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds caused by a club are usually known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet achieved a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still regulations that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier signifies the monasteries of the region .
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very light pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was established on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .
remarkable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly intricate key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby towns include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently suggested by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , distinct from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlasted the end of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually put behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a fortification on the eastern approaches was built later .
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad  norway  : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and dies in the battle .
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as punishment for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only with good purpose .
schuschnigg quickly responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a brief appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were released the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
additionally , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggest rather a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is alike in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with areas of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no considerable atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these ideally offer great habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is crucial because it displays harry 's bravery , and by getting cedric 's corpse , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they created new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
the compact and powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet hit the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and lodgings for pilgrims .
the destroyed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been noted .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be shared without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was taken into custody on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized buildup of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if wanted .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were divided as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the cost one pays as payment for services , particularly the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system contains twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repel a norse invasion and broker a good peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had outdone its capabilities , and it remained mostly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was enlarged southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune declared that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the latter gave audiences with the kind of information later given by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as security to raise money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan moved to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon affirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a kind of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a standardized test for college admission in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy produces the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering groups of flagellants .
some reports state that various factors raise the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her infamous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located on or grow from that side of an animal .
the term " protein " itself was invented by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of  very large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang kept quiet for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in western france .
color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it curved west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their site and noted it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are thoroughly internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has always been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a hub for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned the band several awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and assaulted kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including those for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois .
name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which reminds of the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be built and used in less demanding environments .
gimnasia hired first famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had little success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde was given its town charter .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his true date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .