Hi everyone.
Andy Arias is an actor advocate.
I am very happy with my new ADA.
I want to give a shout out to disabilityunite.org, which is an amazing organization that helps people with disabilities get the help they need.
Thank you for your involvement in our event.
I'm grateful to Corey and Elizabeth for inviting me to do this.
It is time to go out and vote.
Now more than ever, your choices and your voices matter.
It's important that voices be heard in November, so make sure you're on the right side.
Please show me your polling place.
If I am registered to vote and I do not have my ballot, I can request a vote by absentee ballot.
We are all unique individuals, and it is time that we are treated as such.
Please go out and vote in November to help us make our case for keeping the government open.
If I didn't speak up, you would notice me.
4 Wheel City presents The Movement, an independently curated selection of music, art and fashion.
This is a refreshers course.
Yes, we all travel in separate vehicles.
People using wheelchairs, canes, crutches, and cars.
Please adjust your route so that we can all get to our destination.
This is a unique time and space because it's a time of peace and love.
Thank you for your visit!
4 Wheel City is a city located in the heart of the United States.
We appreciate your company.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, and I am a soldier of the Red Legion.
I am an ally of people who are disabled.
We all breathe the same air.
We all live in the same house.
We share a lot in common, despite what we may think.
I have a wonderful summer.
Stay away from dangerous situations.
We love you and we will always be here for you.
Thank you for your time.
I'll see you soon.
Welcome to the Disability Unite Festival! We hope you enjoy our event and come to learn more about the issues and challenges that Disability faces.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I'm so glad to be here with you this evening.
This is a moment we all hope for.
It was a moment that just had to be said.
In this next segment, we will be discussing what needs to be said in protest of 2020, the United States of America, the we, the they, the fear, the outrage, the defiance. All of us, including myself, need to start redefining our identities in order to stand up against this situation.
These young artists are giving you a fresh perspective on the art world.
I am a 23-year-old woman who isSingle and works as a stay-at-home mom. I like to cook and watch TV.
Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, performance spoken-word artist.
This piece is about the various ways in which people drink and how that affects the world around them.
It's a reminder that they are still with us, that they are not forgotten.
The global libations are a way to show appreciation for others.
Zazel O'Garra is a force to be reckoned with.
She is a powerful force in the artistic industry.
Nothing can stop her.
Zazel will not be held down.
She is amazing.
Dancers defy gravity by spinning around in a circle.
They are able to move through space and time effortlessly.
They keep happening.
They are determined to succeed.
In this new piece, titled "We the People", you'll get a chance to see what I'm talking about.
I cannot do that.
I am getting ready.
ZCO Dance Project is coming to you right now.
ZCO should go.
Hi, Andrea.
We are excited to offer a night to help people with disabilities feel comfortable and supported.
Thank you for your time.
We're grateful to have you as a friend.
You are a nurse who sits in the corner.
My disability is that I have a spinal cord injury that has caused me to use a wheelchair.
I am the woman sitting in the chair next to the bed.
I'm the first registered nurse here in New York City to graduate out of nursing school and be a wheelchair user at the same time.
My doctor told me that I had a tumor on my brain and that I would never walk again.
Wow, that's really neat.
You're very talented.
I have known you for a while.
You've been Miss Wheelchair New York since 2004.
I wanted to be a nurse because I want to help people.
- I didn't always want to be a doctor.
We spoke about representation and what it meant to us when we were kids.
I didn't see people that looked like nurses that looked like me as a woman, not as a woman of color, but as a woman that had a disability.
I wanted to be a doctor so that I could help people.
I wanted to be a lawyer before I became a lawyer.
I wanted to help others in some way and I thought about giving back.
Medical school teaches you how to diagnose and treat diseases.
I didn't want to treat someone as if they were a disease.
I wanted to nurse them, so nursing fit right in there.
No, I did not think there was any benefits to being relatable to people when I was a nurse.
I am 100% sure.
Being in a seated position or with a disability can add a new perspective to what somebody is seeing.
Yes, disability is often seen as the death sentence.
But when you come into nursing and have a disability, that person knows that life goes on outside of the hospital or clinic.
You're giving them hope that maybe their life can be improved if they don't have a disability.
It's a different perspective that I enjoy.
We're the best at what we do.
We can think of ways to improve our productivity by planning and anticipating the next steps.
I'm right here.I am right here.
You were on the front lines of the COVID-19 crisis.
I have been a teacher since I was a child and have taught in a number of different types of classrooms. I have also worked as a curriculum developer and instructor.
Some people in New York City know about COVID, which caused a lot of damage.
The amount of lives lost, the amount of those who are sick, the amount of those who are recovering is something that's going to be an ever-lasting journey.
It's the new normal for companies to fire employees for not meeting quotas.
This is not a normal book.
We don't want to be on lockdown.
We do not want our loved ones to experience the horrors of COVID and have to go through the pain and suffering that is happening to their bodies.
We understand that this life can be difficult, but we have learned to cope.
We can't adjust to it as easily as the general public.
We know what it's like to be in a position of power.
Share your stories with me.
Don't worry, we're still together.
I am exactly what you are looking for.
It is important to stay informed and to stay healthy.
Because I have been isolated, I have developed a lot of skills that I may not have otherwise.
You would recommend that they limit their caffeine intake and eat healthy foods.
Avoid being in big crowds right now.
If you have to be out, wear a mask.
Wash your hands before you eat.
Make sure you're available for appointments, OK?
When you stay away from clinics and hospitals, you are only putting yourself in danger by doing so.
Be sure to stay active and see your physicians regularly.
We want to make sure that we're taking care of our health.
We need to follow up with our physicians in order to get started on this.
The hospitals are taking all the precautions to make sure that we are healthy when we enter into their settings.
Be careful what you wish for.
Get out and experience the world.
Get in touch with a friend.
I'm here for you, and I'll be here always.
Yes, definitely.
If you want to become a nurse or work in the health care industry, study the basics first.
I imagine it was difficult for you to be accepted into the community.
It was an uphill battle.
This is still a profession that needs to understand that disability does not equal inability.
Just because I'm in a seated position does not mean that I cannot be of service to you in any way or form.
I think that people within our own community try to put themselves in the shoes of others, and think that they cannot do something because that would be for someone who walks or how would they be able to lift.
How can you do something?
We do things differently because we are different.
We have different ways of being innovative in how we come up with solutions.
If you need help, ask for it.
We are not defined by the views of others.
So if you want to write a story about a character who is scared of dogs, you can choose to write about them being scared of other animals as well.
I don't think anyone else should have the say in this.
That's beautiful.
In 10 years from now, Andrea will be a top fashion designer.
I am studying a master's in nursing education to become a doctorate of nursing practice.
I would love to help make our community better.
It's crucial that we have people in health care that understand our plight, they understand the disability world, they understand the disability from the side of having a disability and being able to then now treat it.
I need to treat and understand my partner before we can treat and understand each other.
That's beautiful.
Andrea Dalzell, thank you for being with us today here at Disability Unite.
I am a visionary and an educator. I am an inspiration to many people through my words and actions.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for being with us today and we wish you the best of luck.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you everyone for your input.
Be careful.
Goodbye.
Full Radius Dance is a dance company that performs dance and music based on the concepts of space, time, and illusion.
Based in Atlanta, Full Radius Dance is a professional dance studio with and without physical disabilities.
The company believes that dance can create power, passion, and innovation.
Full Radius Dance maintains a busy performance schedule in Atlanta, as well as regionally, nationally, and internationally.
The company will be performing Re-Emerge, the first in a three-part series with the overall title of Return.
We are creating a space in which we can both reclaim our own power and create new possibilities for our future.
We will re-emerge by returning to our natural state.
Re-Emerge is a choreographed piece that is under the direction of Douglas Scott.
For more information on Full Radius Dance, visit www.fullradiusdance.org. Follow us on Twitter and Instagram to stay up-to-date!
Gaelynn Lea is a singer and songwriter from Portland, Oregon.
We met in Montana a few years ago.
Gaelynn is one of those people that you feel like you know from the moment you meet her.
She's given a standing ovation to Wilco.
She played a Tiny Desk Concert in 2016 and then hit the road with her husband.
45 states, nine countries later, she does a show every Sunday on YouTube.
She has a lot of energy and is always working to make the world a better place.
I love her very much.
I am excited to see her perform.
Hi there.
I am a participant in the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee, and I am excited to be a part of this amazing event.
It is an honor to be part of this virtual festival.
Disability Unite has given me the opportunity to speak to you all.
This year, Disability Pride Month is a time to celebrate our disabilities and their families!
Since COVID has had an impact on our events, we've all had to adapt our strategies to ensure that our events are as successful as possible.
The Disability Pride Parade and the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act are important events to Chicagoans with disabilities.
During one of our meetings discussing the video process, we were joined by members of Disability Unite.
We talked about our plans for the parade and the virtual festival.
The idea of collaborating together came up, and we discussed what that would mean for our respective disability communities.
To me, working together with many disability organizations meant that I would be able to get the most benefit from the resources available to me.
We, as people with disabilities, support one another during these times of a pandemic by being proud of who we are and supporting one another.
We have been supportive of each other and helped each other out while we were able to.
It is important for us to continue to love and support each other during these difficult times.
We should put together disability pride parades and disability festivals to work together and create awareness and making sure we continue to do this for years to come.
Thank you for your time.
Disability Unite is a great organization that helps people with disabilities get involved in society.
We hope to work together in the near future.
I appreciate your offer.
I hope this is a very good festival today.
We should all have a good time and celebrate the disability pride of all.
Thank you.
Hey, everyone.
It's Lachi.
We are all amazing and we love each other!
The disability community has a wide range of experiences and perspectives. This makes for a more complex and nuanced intersectionality than what is typically seen in other fields.
Look at me. I have all three of those talents.
I am a beautiful woman, black and blind.
We are all different.
We're creative and full of love.
We're grateful for the regulation that has recognized us for 30 years. But here's to 30-times-30 years more.
Evan Ruggiero is a new artist who I'm absolutely excited to meet.
Evan is from the U.S. of A.
He was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer when he was a sophomore at Montclair State University.
He had to go through nine surgeries in six months and had to make the difficult decision to amputate his leg.
Two days after his peg leg surgery, he was tapping again.
He is one of the bravest, most motivated people I will ever know.
And it's a wonderful thing that he is still able to perform for so many luminaries, including Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, on the Oscars.
That's incredible.
He was nominated for the Chita Rivera Dance Award.
He's an incredible person.
He's very nice, and that makes him a valuable asset to your team.
Thanks for having me.
Ryan Niemiller is a really funny guy and a trailblazer for me and other disabled actors and comics.
I followed my manager's lead and wrote my own material, knowing that without doing so, people might not give me that first break and hire me otherwise.
I am not a disabled actor or comedian.
I have a disability, but that's not all of my life.
I enjoy my humor, even if it is a little complex.
Ryan was saved by laughter.
Kids can be cruel when people don't share their feelings, or in my case, talk about their feelings.
When bullies make fun, using wit right away is a great tool to use.
Ryan is the Cripple Threat-- the power of humor.
Ryan is very passionate about the power of laughter and how it brings joy to life.
Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller is a great guy and I'm so excited to see what he's going to do on America's Got Talent.
Thank you, everyone.
Hello, everyone, please come in.
I am a commissioner for the Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities.
This is the first ever Disability Unite Festival.
Come join us for an amazing time! We have a variety of programming to fit any interest or occasion.
I'd like to thank the Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and Access For All for their help making this event possible.
We're celebrating the successes of our community partners during this difficult time.
Our country is in a time of change, upheaval, and sadness.
Our community has overcome a challenge.
We are a team and we succeed together.
The 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act is an important anniversary that marks the beginning of a movement to make all people equal.
We commemorate the 50th anniversary of Disabled In Action, DIA, a civil rights organization that was founded in New York City.
Today, we express gratitude to the leaders of DIA, who orchestrated protests, had sit-ins, even chained themselves to buses in order for us to have the disability accommodations that we have today.
We recognize our nation's communities of color and LGBTQ community because their movements support each other and make each other strong.
The disability rights movement is stronger because of the struggles of earlier civil rights movements. We owe a debt of gratitude and continue to support their work.
Since the passage and signing of ADA, people with disabilities have had more access to the same rights and opportunities as everyone else.
We know that advocacy efforts must continue.
The Disability Unite Festival celebrates our community, celebrates our individuality, and celebrates the parts of ourselves that make us unique and amazing.
This platform is intended to help advance equity and inclusion for all.
distance doesn't matter when you're in a community.
We are all part of a community.
The way we speak, act, love, and advocate for ourselves shows itself in our words and actions.
We are a community that is stronger than we know.
We are an effective team and together, we are constantly making progress in fighting for disability rights.
I hope to be able to join you at the festival next year.
Happy Disability Pride Month! We should all be proud of the people who have disabilities and use their abilities to make a difference in the world.
Miranda Hoffner and I are delighted to welcome you to this part of the show.
We are going to be highlighting artists from a variety of genres at all different stages of their careers.
The ADA is a law that protects people with disabilities from discrimination.
disabled people might want to make art because it can help them feel valuable and appreciated.
It guarantees that we can do so.
Different artists and arts groups come and go, but that's why we see so many different types of art.
The ADA is not enough.
Disability artistry leads us away from thinking about access as a series of regulations, to imagining access as a series of practices and opportunities.
We must act now to make this our future.
Hi! My name is Miranda Hoffner.
I am the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
We are so delighted to share with you two pieces that we commissioned as part of our ADA in the Arts series.
Heidi Latsky is a dance partner we've worked with at Lincoln Center for many years.
We respect her work because she is a great artist.
It is a plane called SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30.
We are excited to share the incredible experience of artists who are disabled and nondisabled in isolation. 15 artists from different backgrounds and experiences share their stories and experiences in this unique and powerful exhibition.
Enjoy your stay.
This video is part of the ADA in the Arts Video Series.
Queens Theatre for All Initiative is a collaboration between the Queens Theater and the nearby Queen's Theatre.
It is a virtual reading of "Death Bites," written by Makena Metz and it is performed, written and directed by a team of disabled artists.
We hope you enjoy the game.
Hi! My name is Rebecca Cokely and I'm the director of the Disability Justice Initiative at the Center for American Progress. We're interested in understanding how disabled people in the United States experience justice and inequality.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist who's based in Chicago and is just beginning his career.
But when you hear his poem, you will understand that he has a great future ahead of him.
I present to you Jackson Santi performing his original work, "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
We want to let you know that singing brings us close to God.
Disability Unite Festival is the intersection of everything about us with us.
The Disability Unite Festival began as a project of the Disability Community Consortium Project Access for All and the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Project Access for All is a community consortium that includes many different organizations.
This is a festival for our community by our community.
You heard that Commissioner Calise is very important in New York City's success.
The team he put together is incredible.
They are seeing New York City through the coronavirus pandemic, and with weekly phone calls hosted by Jonathan Novick, we've had outstanding communication.
We got to know each other better and worked together as a community.
We can see the Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities in action, with each city helping the other during these difficult times.
This is the result of this crisis.
Disability groups have seen rapid growth in community and partnership from around the country and even around the world.
The ADA is the law that prohibits discrimination against people with disabilities.
Jean Ryan was chosen to be the president of Disability Unite because of his dedication to society and his fighting for the rights of people with disabilities.
DIA is an organization that fights for full equality for people with disabilities in American society.
"Hi, Jean."
Thank you for your help.
We've had 50 years of communication, protest, and law enforcement in our community.
You mentioned that Commissioner Calise is a part of our community.
I would like to call attention to his appointment to the Metropolitan Transit Authority Board.
Commissioner Calise was appointed to the position of Commissioner of Justice because the community lobbied together to get it.
From here on, it is important to always make sure that we have a seat at the table, and to have people who are as capable as Commissioner Calise to push forward for appointments.
I am excited by Disability Unite because it is a movement that is fighting for the rights of people with disabilities.
DIA has the support of thousands of disabled people and non-disabled allies, which gives us power.
I completely agree with Jean.
Together, we can bring about the change we need.
We hope everyone has a great time at the Disability Unite Festival and joins us in creativity, fun, friendship, and taking action to make our communities a place of equality, access, and inclusion for all, including people with disabilities.
Hi, my name is Chelsie Hill.
I am the founder of the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team is made up of amazing people who have disabilities, but they don't let their disabilities hinder their ability to do their job.
Our mission is to empower women with disabilities to live boundlessly and shift perspective through dance.
We're a team of journalists who love to tell stories.
For more information about us, please visit RollettesDance.com and follow us on all social media channels.
We are excited to be a part of the Disability Unite Virtual Festival.
Thank you for coming to our dance team.
Steph Aiello, Samantha Lopez, Conner Lundius, Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino, and myself Chelsie Hill performing "We Can Together."
We know that gender inequality is not a female issue because there are male and female athletes, actresses, and other people of gender equality.
It is social and economic imperative that people have access to education.
Disability is not a qualification for employment, but inclusion of people with disabilities in the workplace helps businesses become more successful.
We need to act now to make sure that everyone in the C-suite gets paid equally.
We need to push forward our message and demand equality, access, and inclusion for all people.
We will continue to push forward the message of equity for people with disabilities, communities of color, and LGBTQ communities.
We have an impact.
The Female Quotient is a tool that can help organizations become a catalyst for change and achieve ROE, Return On Equality.
We are working to make the workplace and media more equal by providing solutions for change, measuring accountability, and helping companies become equality fit.
We provide business leaders with research, tools, experiences to promote equality and publish The Modern Guide to Equality, a playbook for activating change.
We support and collaborate with Disability Unite and the disability community in order to help people with disabilities live lives that are fulfilling and independent.
