one side of the war is mainly the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia mainly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in neptune's methane cloud deck .
his next work , saturday , follows a hectic day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , connecting it to the ball , quickly crawled away east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
six weeks later , on 13 january 888 , he passed away .
they have a similar culture to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers come the dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum which produces very little sound  and often have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two components : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro mazzola , born on november 8 , 1942 , is an italian retired soccer player .
it was believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is slightly different from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its pure form .
it is very hard to get into tsinghua .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the city of stralsund .
in 1982 , sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year ".
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , since king bhumibol was born on a monday , his birthday will be celebrated with yellow decorations all over thailand .
both names ended in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
despite this , tagore imitated many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in the great performances at the white house series in 1988 , which was aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship , with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 , then she and her husband went back to france .
despina was discovered in late july 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
in the voyager 2 images , ophelia appears as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not abide by the official western australian time , from the south australian border up to caiguna .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays for decoration on walls , furniture and boxes in architecture .
the other cities that are part of the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates , and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , with the intent of stopping drek .
it is not a real louse.
he encourages using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design more popular .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away that they have never met .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , divided from the scottish mainland and inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a part of the iau , controls the official number-name combinations of minor planets .
on september 30 , a wind shear started to increase and the storm began to weaken .
every entry has a datum , which is a copy of the datum from some backing store .
because of this , both men and women must follow these guidelines when going to a mosque , even though some will not enforce them .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born july 10 , 1988 , plays professional rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like the other assessment reports , it includes four reports , three of which come from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a nuclear physicist at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the same as the letter stamp for the rest of queen victoria's reign , and lots of them were made .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion called the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , leading to giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has also done many christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the land east of the vistula river , later known as “prussia proper” .
after graduating , he came back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later ran into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his excessive drinking and bad behaviour .
so far , ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images taken by the voyager 1 space probe while orbiting jupiter on march 5 , 1979 .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also in a boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , credited to theologian hippolytus , states that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo pledged loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this creates confusion with consumers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it gain weight faster .
seventh sons have powerful " knacks "  special magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very uncommon and strong .
passmark software 's benchmarking shows that the 2009 version has an install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and 7 mb of memory usage .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region .
until recently , itch and pain were thought to be the same thing , but it was discovered that itch has some features in common with pain , but shows some differences .
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites that stick to it .
the same tram had derailed on may 30 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier tests .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys for kids , massages , and a live rock band performance for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
if there are no land use regulations , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass can become as congested as the streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a great spot for people looking to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually hurt but are usually not dangerous .
no one involved with wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information in or linked from these webpages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and their vision is bad .
only chitin is as tough as them as a biological material .
oregano is important in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he created and published these works himself , while most of his bigger woodcuts were commissioned .
the historical method is the set of techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write about history using primary sources and other evidence .
the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is thought to be responsible for the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but being uninterested in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used in medicine .
it will then leave and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also found that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and care about .
now , landis ' father is a big fan of his son and proudly supports floyd .
shortly after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the equilibrium price for labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they wanted to publish their discoveries in a book called an adventure in 1911 , with the pen names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused mainly on teaching .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store.
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the church's temporal rule as part of the legation of perugia , and after that its history merged with that of the states of the church , then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection , then it dissipated the next day in brazil and caused flooding .
from 1952 to 1995 , new york city had a housing authority police department .
the current band members are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques to increase civic participation .
the characters are sweary versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the iowa secretary of state election .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade breaks the law and sets in motion events that destroy his colony's home , forcing them to migrate early and separating him from them .
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess , where each player has twelve minutes total for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
both former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their actions during the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and even into west virginia .
since the owner is typically unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave spread across the atlantic , and formed a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is revised every year .
the four canonical gospel texts are matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 . See also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn is known for its furniture production .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike earth's cloud formations , which are comprised of ice crystals , neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
in 1482 , he was sent to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet era , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's major landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power ( CHP ) , is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a snippet of javascript or css code that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind  the reasons for this are debated  when the rest of the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and at first said he might not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to view the language and the culture that had grown with it as goals on their own , even if it is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the south of the cyclone eroded the deep convection by the morning of september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , lived from 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 and was the companion and, briefly, wife of adolf hitler .
each license has its own version number .
most irc servers don't need users to register an account , but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
in the same year , he earned a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will be held on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually depicted as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change their color to adapt to their environment , either slowly over time like the ermine and snowshoe hare , or quickly with chromatophores like in the cephalopod family .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi and kept the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one job well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother larue was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father keith brion was a band director at yale .
the biggest mennonite populations are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the usa , but mennonites also live in small communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or are scattered amongst the people of those countries .
naas is a large " suburb of dublin " town , where many people live and work in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin , with spikes coming out of its neck and shoulders , along the spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve in 1890 because of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
however , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , vlad and his new wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital as he made plans for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add up to five words as a front-cover text , and up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the modified version's list of cover texts .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is a flexible tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more efficient than the scattering of red light , which is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber begins asking for simple items to build something to defuse the bomb , but he is later sidetracked by something related to his personal life , and runs out of time .
when messiaen died , yvonne loriod finished the orchestration of the last movement , with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims see karbala as one of their holiest cities , after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , travelling to very remote places , on isolated tracks , needs careful planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle - usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn , he was the lead architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and leaves for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön exit .
britpop originated from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands that were inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
these were added to battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , so shorter trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality .
there are currently 95 species accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the authority of the executive and legislative branches to assign resources to meet the needs of the native society .
afterwards , he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the state capital is aracaju  pop .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , inspired mk sun , who grew up to be a lawyer too .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old town in cowra , in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also searching around the peel river and up the mountain sides .
before the pocket calculator , it was the most popular tool used for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and a thinner body of 0.36 inches ( 9.1 millimeters ).
yoghurt is a type of dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
throughout the centuries , some alternative views on the subject have been suggested  see below  , but all have been rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was not allowed in many record stores .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because of his frequent discussions about moving to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's , and in 2002 its total sales exceeded mcdonald's canadian operations.
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen : " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet .
protests were stopped all over the nation .
offenbach 's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very famous in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol were discovered west of the city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
most people found the instrument hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show that the material is mostly iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the world .
in 1988 , he was given the title of companion of honour  ch  .
loèche has the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder that holds matches and has a rough striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use by pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never leave the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
the oel manga series graystripe's trilogy is three volumes long and follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs up until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not form their own cities ; most of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers could meet americans every day .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .
as a child she had collapsed lungs twice , had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes proves that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team located in montreal , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
the term gribble was initially used to describe the wood-boring species , especially the one from norway that was identified by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county was managed at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the telephone exchange in the port jackson district allowed the commandant to communicate with all military sites on the harbour .
however , even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointy-faced and as big as a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work it can do compared to how much time and resources it takes .
there are several big reservoirs along the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank with funding from the ford foundation .
bremer announced plans to put saddam on trial , but noted that the specifics of the trial had not yet been figured out .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season ends .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan in the north , iran in the west , pakistan in the south and the people 's republic of china in the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and is currently a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby towns are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current spot .
west berlin had its own postal system , which was different from west germany 's , and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in about 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but sometimes polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used too .
the name is still used for a related digital tv channel , digital radio station , and website that are still around after the printed magazine stopped being published .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and traveling with other homeless children .
stands were eventually installed behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was being modernized .
a town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't hold a market any more , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern side .
on july 29 , the battle of stiklestad in norway took place , in which olav haraldsson was defeated and killed by his pagan vassals .
some people think that the nkvd eliminated tresca as revenge for his criticism of the stalin regime in the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when necessary .
schuschnigg immediately denied reports of riots .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in croydon , england .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is only for citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also made a cameo in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin wrote the berceuse opus 57 for solo piano .
these attacks were likely psychological rather than physical .
a historian said that " quinine made it easier for colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
also , spectroscopic studies have showed signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggest a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters , has no moons and does not have a thick atmosphere .
geography the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these places are perfect for chinkara , hog deer , and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was then ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in power only if they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry's courage , and by getting cedric's body , he shows selflessness and sympathy .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
together they made new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the home of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and has facilities and housing for pilgrims .
the dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition , becoming the second american woman to do so .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is a tropical island located 186 miles east of puerto rico in the northeast caribbean .
so , these pdfs can't be shared without changing them if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , leading to localized flooding.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , where a user can save their settings and data if they want .
according to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the number of seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 , social democratic party  sp  : 2 , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 .
a fee is the payment given for services , especially the cost to hire a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
meanwhile , iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to defeat a norse invasion and negotiate a good peace treaty .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by then , other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color can be medium brown , gold-ish , beige-white , or sometimes dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish project , as indicated by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area warned on september 22 was extended southward as jose got stronger , before it was cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of the war .
the latter gave audiences the same type of information that intertitles do, helping historians to imagine what the movie may have been like .
this is because the assets of the underground economies of the third world can't be used as security to get money to fund industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender .
before the second game started , the press said the " midget-in-a-cake " show was not as good as veeck's usual promotional stunts .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of character that appears in marvel comic books .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized exam for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , which are penitential songs sung by bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years of transportation to australia .
waugh states that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor that is seen throughout the book .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a major influence in her life .
"dorsal" refers to features that are either on or grow from the back side of an animal .
berzelius made up the word " protein " after mulder observed that all proteins had a similar empirical formula and could be made of a single type of very big molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in france .
the color is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an addition was made , going north from union station , under university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west and ended at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line went through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which led west to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region , it included a vast and varied landscape , from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their website , and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where it is rigorously audited and needs official proof before being changed .
the book political economy was released in 1985 , but didn't get much use in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties .
it is a long-term economic hub of northern nigeria , and also produces and exports groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a short period of confrontation , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the region .
between 1900 and 1920 , many new buildings were constructed on campus , such as those for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian version of an armenian name that ends in -ka , formed from the proper name arzash , which is related to the ancient names arsene and arsissa , which were used to describe part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people at the national casting , she was selected as one of the 15 to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be made and used in less demanding settings .
gimnasia brought in famous colombian coach francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but neither achieved much success .
brighton is a city in iowa , usa .
additionally , she starred in several music videos , like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde became a town in celebration of its 750th anniversary .
in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , pauline returns , but is now called " mario 's friend " .
during labor , the vagina can expand to multiple times its normal size .
his exact birthdate is not known , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to stop a biological process or part of it , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism , by half .
although the name implies that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in other cantons such as valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , who was later baptized mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and was saddened that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate differently like a guitar string produces different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
