The Sudanese military and Janjaweed militia are mainly composed of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from Sudan's northern Rizeigat region.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city.
A hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck is represented by the great dark spot.
Saturday follows a busy day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled on a black cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are culturally similar to Papua New Guinean coastal peoples.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal receives the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo with acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft includes the Cassini Orbiter and the Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
The collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as it favors a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an EU-withdrawal.
Many species vanished due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is difficult.
NRC is now a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport derived from racquet sports.
Throughout Thailand, yellow is decorated on King Bhumibol's birthday.
The national museum of Scotland replaced both names in 2007.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship after Perry Saturn pinned Eddie Guerrero with a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered by Voyager 2 in late July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Ophelia appears elongated in the Voyager 2 images, facing towards Uranus.
The British took the land by force.
Towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Shells have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a louse.
He promotes user-centered design and interaction design.
There is a possibility of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working group i assesses climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides form an island chain separated from the Scottish mainland by the waters of the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center of the IAU oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened.
Each entry has a datum from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
It consists of four reports like the previous assessment reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
Vast quantities of this stamp were printed during Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts promotion.
Giardia lamblia causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions.
This was east of the Vistula River, called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory and became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble for his drinking and bad behaviour.
Celebrities have been featured in the episodes, including Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in Voyager 1 images taken around Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called "gomaespuma".
The Resistance's release date was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is also in a boyband called 183 club.
Early Christians sang Hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France against other Viking groups.
It is derived from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is a district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is in the Czech Republic.
Consumers are confused when 1,048,576 bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have focused on ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer or gain weight faster.
Seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful and rare.
Passmark Software showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, a 32 second scan time, and 7 mb of memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain were not considered separate until recently.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop on 30 May 2006.
Statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, water, and other amenities for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Buildings can be built along a bypass, causing congestion.
Cairns is a starting point for exploring the Cape York Peninsula and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is tougher than them biologically.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an Oyster card.
He published and produced his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use primary sources to research and write history.
The continental icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Landis' father is now a big fan of his son.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged after it reached category 4.
The equilibrium wage is the labor price.
They published their findings in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's temporal rule as part of Perugia's Legation, and later joined the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression dissipated over Brazil and caused floods.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Mosques promote civic participation in advocacy countries with minority Muslim populations.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but he quit before they released an album.
Culver won the 1998 Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy by two votes in 1990.
Shade's defiance of the law leads to the destruction of the colony's home and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He had inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived.
The chess players have 12 minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
Computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
A wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but snapshots can be stable enough to use.
The order sent him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's prominent landmarks.
He died in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and heat.
The male "den master" sometimes permits a second male into the den.
A wikipedia gadget can be enabled by checking a box in the preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945-1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him an organist at the Chapel Royal.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Esperanto speakers now consider the language and culture to be valuable even if it is not adopted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and, briefly, wife.
The license has a version number.
Users must set a nickname before connecting to an IRC server.
He received a mechanics certificate that year, becoming the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 will take place on August 23, 2009.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers and is an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Programs do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His mother was a singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites are found in 51 countries on six continents.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates set into its skin, with spikes on its neck, shoulders and spine.
Irimo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided with his wife in Hungary before his release in 1474.
You can add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and up to 25 words to the back cover.
He is buried in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the efficient scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of France.
Macgruber starts to make something to defuse the bomb but is distracted by his personal life.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad demanded the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat.
Travel through remote areas needs planning and a reliable four wheel drive.
He was the chief architect of the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop was influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
Battalions were formed for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe.
Ten Boom was honored by Israel in December 1967.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
"Undies" and "movie" are common English terms.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law and government resources.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts.
gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol and he grew up to be a lawyer.
Cowra is an historic township in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator replaced the slide rule.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option and reduced thickness.
Yoghurt is made from fermented milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female performer in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky planned to write the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche has Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and a striking surface.
She objected to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
She defied them and vowed to never leave the commune.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three volume manga series about his time away from ThunderClan.
Syrians interacted with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argues that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team from Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term "gribble" was originally used to refer to wood-boring species, such as Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No one has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
There are rules that apply to those who enter a mosque, even if they do not plan to pray.
It is described as pointed and rabbit-sized.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga contains some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues vary greatly.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details had not been determined.
Hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan.
Nupedia was founded by Bomis, Inc. on March 9, 2000.
The design features key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring of the column was added in 1938-39.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers may also be used.
The name still exists as a brand for a related digital TV channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he lived on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market.
A bastion was built later.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29.
The NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean a citizen served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway.
Phelps et al published a book on employment and inflation theory the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a solo piano berceuse.
These attacks may have been psychological.
Quinine allowed colonists to populate West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon and has no moons or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
The Mughals arrived in Dhaka in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office with the support of the lower house.
Harry demonstrates bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
He and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
The intense hurricane caused major damage in the upper Florida Keys.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is located at the site.
The main church's dome has been restored.
Meissner landed the triple axel jump in 2005.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean east of Puerto Rico.
PDFs with images cannot be distributed without further manipulation.
Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner in April 1862.
Heavy rain caused localized flooding in Britain on October 5.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb.
The seats were distributed with relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is the price paid for services.
The Ohio State University has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and made a favorable peace settlement.
The album singles were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In 2000, Minix became open source software, but other operating systems had already surpassed it.
The body color can range from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, sometimes with dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by the thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
U.S. Marine pilots confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
Intertitles provide information and help historians imagine the film.
Third world underground economies cannot use real estate, businesses, or other assets as collateral to finance expansion.
He escaped Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan demanded the police to surrender.
The press criticized Veeck's promotional standard for the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Medieval geisslerlieder were penitential songs sung by flagellants in northern Italy.
Various factors increase the risk of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles searched for love when he met Sebastian and found a door to an enchanted garden.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was important.
The term "dorsal" refers to structures located on or growing from the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder's observation of the same formula in proteins.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the line, ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
A section of the Central Australian Line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert before 1980.
The town is on an old portage trail to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the region and includes the Sierra Madre mountains and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early and mentioned it on their blog.
Pedigrees must pass an internal audit and have official proofs before being changed.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985.
The IPO toured the Soviet Union and China in 1990 and 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered to Napoleon at Ulm, giving Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria is an economic centre for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard and Robert Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were constructed on campus.
Winchester is in Illinois.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired two famous Colombian trainers, but neither were successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She appeared in music videos, including "It Girl" and "Just Lose It".
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006.
The vagina stretches during childbirth.
His exact date of birth is unknown, but believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps span several cantons, including Bern, Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
Mary Ann Fisher Power was born to Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey praised Bawden as one of his favorite artists.
The string can produce different particles like an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
