One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia group from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, 'Saturday', follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, then crawled away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also received the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The drummers are followed by dancers, who often play the sogo and usually have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola, born 8 November 1942, is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
In 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is competitive.
Today nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation.
It is at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so his birthday will be decorated with yellow color throughout Thailand.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was found in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow Western Australian time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop drek.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone in a different part of the world.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
By early September 30, wind shear increased and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum, a nugget of data, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
weelkes later found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and behaviour.
So far the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, states that Hallel Psalms were sung with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended the northern region of France against other viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
The incident has been the subject of reports about ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated so the animal may be more docile or may gain weight more quickly.
seventh sons have strong "knacks", specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain were not considered independent of each other until recently, when it was found that itch had many similarities to pain but also some differences.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram had derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in France.
If there are no land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into a town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets.
It is also a starting point for people exploring cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
None of the people connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small, and their vision is poor.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin.
Oregano is an important ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with oyster cards.
these works he made and published himself, whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method uses techniques and guidelines to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a drug.
it will then detach itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, landis' father is a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book in 1911 under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia, and then with the States of the Church, and then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th without convection, and dissipated the next day in Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current band lineup is Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
the characters are profanity-filled versions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote.
Shade defies the law and initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their migration and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Unlike the clouds on earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
their participation is restricted until they reach legal adulthood.
development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable.
Finally in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion the male " den master " will also let a second male into the den; the reason is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled in wikipedia preferences.
Below are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it.
Later, esperanto speakers saw the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves.
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded the deep convection by early on september 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on 30 April 1945.
each version of the license is given a version number.
Most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before being connected.
That same year he also got a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, taking place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their integument.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship and pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but they can also be found in other countries on six continents.
Naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
you may add a passage of five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of 25 words as a back-cover text, to the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france.
macgruber starts asking for objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted and runs out of time.
This was almost complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod finished the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, who were accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however travel through remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions forming for xi international brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by the state of Israel as one of the righteous among the nations.
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place of the sand hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are heard in English.
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with other pieces about Hiawatha: the death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness from 0.8 to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's in 2005 and system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of Chang 'an, modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing matches and having a striking surface on the exterior.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers could interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
the wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterward, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
However, even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow rules.
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is characterized by the useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the resources used.
Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed the details of the trial had not been determined.
Representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal administration that issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon are sometimes used.
the name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernised.
a town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it does not hold a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway occurred, resulting in the death of Olav Haraldsson by his pagan vassals.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly and only with reason.
schuschnigg publicly responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian stated that quinine's efficacy gave colonists opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate a stony surface composition.
She became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these provide habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery, and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
together they formed new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
therefore , these pdfs can not be shared without further manipulation if they have images .
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, with the option to save the user's configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party (FDP): 2 members, christian democratic people's party (CVP): 2 members, social democratic party (SP): 2 members, and swiss people's party (SVP): 1 member based on the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is the price one pays for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
ohio state's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and brokered a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software license, but other operating systems had surpassed it by then, and it was mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter provided audiences with the information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine the film.
That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
Before the second game began, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity equality now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
some reports state that certain factors increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles had been "in search of love" when he first met Sebastian and found "that low door in the wall" which opened onto an "enchanted garden", a metaphor that appears throughout the work.
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are on or grow off that side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in Basse-Normandie, France.
color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from Union Station to near Bloor Street and terminating at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it covered a huge and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, which requires official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but had limited adoption in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, bringing Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria and a centre for groundnut production and export.
Most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu, and tulu.
meteora won multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus, including those for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be designed and used in environments.
gimnasia hired famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
Furthermore, she was in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde received its town charter on the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a process or component by half.
Although the name suggests they are in the Bernese Oberland region of Bern, parts of the Bernese Alps are in other cantons.
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting that not many people remembered or knew about the artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
