The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, "Saturday," follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, pulled on a black cord that was attached to a ball and crawled away fast to the east.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been presented with the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum with almost no sound, and have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main parts, the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The BZö differs from the Freedom Party, as it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It lies on the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so his birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations throughout Thailand.
Both names were discontinued in 2007 when they merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 from images taken by Voyager 2.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images showed Ophelia as an elongated object, with its major axis pointed towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow the official time.
Shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
Other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the editors, administrator, and those they reported are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken on September 30.
Each entry holds a datum which is a copy of the data in a backing store.
As a result, mosques require both men and women to adhere to guidelines when attending.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous reports, it consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics, and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in Matthew and Luke.
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior.
So far, 'celebrity' episodes have included several notable people.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band announced the official release date of The Resistance on their website.
He is also a member of a jungiery boyband, 183 club.
Hippolytus's apostolic tradition attests the singing of Hallel psalms with alleluia at early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend northern France against Viking incursions.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
Disney was given a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this leads to confusion when 220 bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking revealed the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it was discovered that itch has similarities to pain, but also has distinct differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and catches ants and termites.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
Buildings may be built along a bypass without land use controls, making it as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
People can use Cairns to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and with Oyster Cards.
He created and published his own works, while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method is the process historians use to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but disinterested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father supports his son and is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the storm became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
In 1911, they published their findings of a haunted ground in a book, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and focused on practical teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi came under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia, and became part of the States of the Church, and in 1860, part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current band includes Flynn on vocals, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are profane versions of their previous characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade defies the law, initiating a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their migration, and his separation from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage spread up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
The owner tends to be unaware, so these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Unlike earth's clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
cogeneration produces both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, the male "den master" will allow a second male into the den; the reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS snippet that can be enabled in Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to aid your involvement.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he was an organist from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially refused it.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and culture as valuable in their own right, even if Esperanto is never adopted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945 and was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a distinguishing number.
Most irc servers allow users to connect without registering an account, but they must set a nickname first.
That same year he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming WWE pay-per-view event taking place at Staples Center in Los Angeles on August 23, 2009.
Usually portrayed as bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals change color with chromatophores in their skin, such as cephalopods.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
This resembles the unix philosophy of having programs do one task well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother was a singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents or scattered in those countries.
naas is a major "dublin suburb" town with many people living and working there.
Acanthopholis had armor consisting of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife while preparing to reconquer Wallachia.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light being more efficient than red light, which is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département of southern France.
Macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement of the work with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen's death.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four wheel drive.
At Kahn, he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are used.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra was named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" and "movie" are often used in English.
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia, in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, the slide rule was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's in 2005 and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
In 1913, Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries globally.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche hosts the facilities of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and with a coarse striking surface.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series about his time between being taken by twolegs in Dawn and returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many immigrants who had worked as peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was renowned for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood, she had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer believes that the need for nest boxes suggests that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team in Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors.
The term gribble was assigned to wood-boring species, especially the first one described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterward, the county's administration was done at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Those entering the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow rules.
It is described as pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the useful work a computer system can do compared to its time and resources.
Some of the world's largest reservoirs are located on the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but said the details had not been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and China.
Nupedia was founded in March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near by include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but others like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for related digital services, such as a television channel, radio station, and website, which outlived the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself in northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
a town may be called a market town or have market rights even if it does not hold a market, as long as the right remains.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, constituent can mean a citizen in the area served by a politician, sometimes only those who voted for them.
prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The papers were published the following year in a book titled "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for piano.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian asserted that quinine allowed colonists to settle in the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury has a similar appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered, has areas of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and has no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and his selfless compassion when retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, Andreas Baader was arrested in Frankfurt after a long shootout.
Together they created New Music Manchester, a group devoted to modern music.
The compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet hit the region.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is now located there, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse exist.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain caused localized flooding in parts of Britain on October 5.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user can save their configuration and data if they wish.
The seats in the federal assembly were distributed according to each party's strength, with the FDP having 2 members, the CVP having 2 members, the SP having 2 members, and the SVP having 1 member.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially to those in a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system consists of twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship while Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and secured a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became a free and open source software under a permissive license, but other operating systems had surpassed it, so it remained mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may be marked with dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter gave audiences information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan marched to the police camp and demanded surrender.
Before the second game, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to veeck's standards.
In a video promoting Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a fictional character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering flagellants.
Reports suggest that certain factors increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles was in search of love when he met Sebastian and found "a low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures situated or growing on the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of a single large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados Department in northwestern France.
The color of the item ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station, curving north to near Bloor Street, where it ended at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region encompassed a varied landscape from the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site, and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, which requires official proofs before alterations.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited adoption in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 in the Soviet Union and in 1994 in China and India.
In 1805, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, resulting in 30,000 Austrian prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic centre and a hub for groundnut production and exports.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman Brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka derived from the proper name arzash, which is reminiscent of the name arsene, arsissa, used by the ancients to refer to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from its premiere on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be created and used in less demanding environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She also starred in multiple music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde was given its town charter to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, though she is now called "Mario's friend."
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region and portions of adjacent cantons.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey said in an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, but not many people remembered him.
The string can vibrate in various modes and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
