one side of the armed conflicts are composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia group, which is mainly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which all able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work will be about an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died on 13 january 888 .
the islanders are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal has been given to the recipient also known as the colin mears award which is worth £ 5,000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo drum that makes almost no sound and have more elaborate - even acrobatic - choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro " Sandro " Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the 1800s , with european settlement .
in 1987 steve wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder that is in its pure form .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , around the city of stralsund .
he was also given the 1982 " sportsman of the year " award by sports illustrated magazine .
five is a British sport believed to come from the same roots as many racquet sports .
on monday king bhumibol was born , so throughout thailand on his birthday , everything will be decorated in yellow color .
both the names of the museums became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , tagore borrowed from various styles , including crafts from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was found in late july 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia is an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , have their own time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and shimmering shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , the famous superhero , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and is also working to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who they ' ve never met in person .
working group i looks at scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides, which are separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch, and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are given by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear increased and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum that is a copy of the data in some backing store .
as a result , most mosques do not have rules against women attending them , but both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a novel written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like the other assessment reports , it includes four reports from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist who was named after pierre curie .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion that was billed as the world's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
aside from his work in christian-themed productions , cameron has also often worked in films like left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the part of prussia east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after graduating he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical account found in matthew's gospel , specifically in - and the gospel of luke
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and behavior that was considered to be immoderate .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included such stars as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5th 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 june 2009 .
he is also a part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to the theologian hippolytus , tells of early christian celebrations where the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain took place .
in return , rollo swore loyalty to charles and converted to christianity , agreeing to defend the northern region of france from the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a product of voice of america ( voa ) special english
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district located in the canton of graubünden in Switzerland.
it is the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1MB instead of 1Mb .
the incident has been talked about by many people as to the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have powerful " knacks "  specific magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are incredibly rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software found that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and used 7 MB of memory .
volterra is a town in tuscany in Italy .
historically , the sensation of itch and pain have not been thought to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky and can move easily in and out of the snout and catch ants and termites that adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to the stadium crowd .
vouvray-sur-huisne is located in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong controls on land use , buildings will be built along the bypass , turning it into an ordinary road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is a good place to start for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are not necessarily dangerous .
none of the people who wrote , contributed , sponsored , administered , vandalized , or linked to wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information on these pages .
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor .
they are only rivaled as biological materials in toughness by chitin .
oregano is a key ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway , and on the oyster card .
these works were produced and published by him himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were usually commissioned work .
the historical method is a way of researching and writing history by using primary sources and other evidence .
the weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration in lake vostok .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is when someone can read but doesn't seem to care about it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then eat its food and sink back to the river bed to digest it and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and care about .
today, landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became sporadic .
the equilibrium price for a certain kind of labor is the wage .
they published their findings in a book in 1911 as elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london to teach and focused on practical matters .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a unit of 11,000 troops to guard and govern the newly conquered area .
in 1438 trevi was passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged with that of the states of the church and then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation that was devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was in charge of law enforcement in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn on vocals , guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar , and dave mcclain on drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are old versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also in the swedish power metal band hammerfall before quitting before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks the law , and unintentionally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing them to migrate prematurely and his separation from them .
the female equivalent of a son is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with cancer that was inoperable in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are often compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical scriptures are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also has the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are made of crystals of ice , neptune has cirrus clouds made of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is not allowed until they reach legal adulthood .
development snapshots are rare but there are often stable releases that can be used .
in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the city he was meant to rule .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was proven in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes a second male will be allowed into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be turned on by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again in 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind with no explanations when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him as a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 where he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed when he won his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as a goal in itself , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone was able to erase most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , born eva anna paula hitler on 6 february 1912 , died eva anna paula hitler on 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user will need to set a nickname before connecting .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 will be an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually shown as having a bald head and long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern star .
some animals have a chromatic response changing color in changing environments either seasonally like the ermine or snowshoe hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument like the cephalopods in the family cephalopodidae .
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this philosophy is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest population of mennonites can be found in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are also communities of mennonites in at least 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a major town in the " dublin suburb " area , with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis 's armour was made up of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into his skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along his spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , vlad Dracula resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue that is found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red , the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune located in the vaucluse département in southern france in the area of provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple things to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually about his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was largely complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the orchestration of 's final movement with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , who it accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however, going through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires some advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
at Kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he leaves because he has to go to rehearsal , and dr. schön leaves with him .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands that are influenced by the guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run on it .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are longer while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
about 95 types of animals are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as "underwear" and "movie" are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches to decide where to best allocate resources to serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
Despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in vorkapich 's style - kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 and served until 2009 .
prospectors from all over California , Europe and China were digging and digging up the peel river and the mountainside .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been brought up throughout the centuries , see below , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned by many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by canceling howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because stern often talked about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened two more Canadian stores than McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and their system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt is a firefighter in albany, Georgia, and always keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind".
he was elected president on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is a rare surviving example of a living fossil .
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
the protests were stopped .
operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles that date back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xi'an .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 , she was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore is the oldest church in assisi .
radar observations suggest that the metal is fairly pure iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly publication that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the interception stations for the swiss onyx system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches and a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs during pregnancy .
definitely , she vowed to never leave the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight of xanetra .
samovar & porter 1994 , p . 84 Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she had collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer australian national university has said that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same techniques that are used to make transistors .
the gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds that are inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet managed to do a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbor from the port jackson district commandant .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by the computer system when compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located on the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region .
human skin colors can go from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank , which was funded by the ford foundation .
bremer said he had plans to put saddam on trial , but he didn't know the details yet .
representatives from the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south , and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
the notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 february 1987 in jwaneng, botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was created by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , circa 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester or vinyl ester may also be used .
the name of the magazine survived as a brand for a related website, digital television channel, and digital radio station after the magazine's print edition ended in 2013 .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children .
stands were eventually put behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
A town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later .
on 7 july 1035 , olav haraldsson lost the battle of stiklestad to his pagan vassals and was killed in the process .
others have claimed that tresca was killed by the NKVD as punishment for criticizing Stalin's rule of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when it is necessary and good reason is given .
schuschnigg quickly responded that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb located in the london borough of croydon England
another meaning of constituent is someone who lives in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this means only those who voted for the politician .
prunk is an institute member and senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of filming the scene on location , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano that is often called a berceuse .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates that the surface is rather composed of stony materials .
she became the editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel after he died .
mercury is different from the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these types of habitats are ideal for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dacca was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister can stay in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery in retrieving cedric 's corpse , and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion in doing so .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and his fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , who are committed to modern music .
the powerful and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the place where meher baba 's samadhi tomb is located as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 meissner became the second woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is an city located in essex county in the state of Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island located in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km east of puerto rico .
therefore , these PDFs can not be shared without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood water .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' relative strengths in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the payment one makes as remuneration for services , especially the amount paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional person .
ohio state 's library system has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , scotland accepted the overlordship of norway , but iceland and greenland refused to do so and norway was able to repulse a norse invasion .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily a system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it is marked with dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area where the warning was issued on september 22 was extended southwards when jose intensified before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the later added subtitles to the film so audiences could understand what was happening, and this can help historians imagine what the film may have looked like .
that's because real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to get money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan marched on the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video for charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done yet , fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy caused the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the book on a number of levels .
her close friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life .
the dorsal side is the side that is situated towards or grows off of the animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months before they were caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune located in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
color goes from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963, an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of heart arrhythmias or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest subregion in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully looked over and have to provide official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but had not caught on with students in the classroom .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance ever in the soviet union , and toured with them again in 1994 , performing in china and india
The Napoleonic Wars : Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages : kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora was honored with multiple awards and honors .
after a brief confrontation , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his brother robert b. sherman .
in the fifth century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city located in scott county in the state of illinois in the united states .
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka that was formed from the proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , which was applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but he only had limited success .
brighton is a city located in washington county in the United States of America.
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , it received its town charter .
pauline returned in the remade game boy donkey kong in 1994 , and later in 2006 , mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis where the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina stretches a lot when giving birth and it is unusual for it not to stretch to many times its normal diameter .
it is believed that his real date of birth was sometime between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name bernese alps might suggest that they are located in the canton of bern in the bernese oberland region of the country , portions of the bernese alps are located in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there, he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that he was not as well-known as he should be .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string does, and every mode looks different as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
