one side of the conflict is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia mainly composed of the abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which all muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next piece , saturday , tells the story of a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away eastwards , pulling on the cord with full force .
he died six weeks later , on january 13 , 888 .
they have a similar culture to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £5000 .
after the drummers come dancers , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and have more complicated and acrobatic movements .
the spacecraft is made up of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born november 8 , 1942 in italy  is a former football player .
it was assumed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and received his ba in anthropology after graduating .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party , since it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared because of european settlement by the end of the nineteenth century .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
it is very hard to get into tsinghua .
today nrc is organised as a private , independent foundation .
it is located on the baltic sea coast and it holds the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him 1982 " sportsman of the year " .
fives is a british sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , and so on his birthday thailand is decorated with yellow .
both names were terminated in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
yet , tagore took inspiration from various styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
in 1988 she performed for president reagan in the great performances at the white house series , which aired on pbs .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship; saturn pinned guerrero with a diving elbow drop at 8:10 .
she and her husband lived in the united states until 1927 , then returned to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by voyager 2 .
the first italian grand prix motor race was held on september 4 , 1921 in brescia .
he also published two collections of short stories , called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
in the voyager 2 images ophelia appears to be an elongated object , with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british planned to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia follow a different time than the official western australian time , between the south australian border and caiguna .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays for decorating walls , furniture and boxes .
other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
afraid that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development and also works to make interaction design a widely accepted discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors , the administrator , and yourself are part of a conspiracy against someone from the other side of the world who none of you have ever met in person .
working group i : studies the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the hebrides islands are separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the choppy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are numbers and names monitored by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
on september 30 , strong wind shear caused the storm to start weakening .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  that is a copy of the original datum in a backing store .
so , mosques will not always enforce violations , but both men and women visiting a mosque should follow these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born july 10 , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the premier league .
like in the past , this assessment includes four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , curie's namesake , is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp was used for the rest of queen victoria's reign and many were printed .
the international fight league was a mixed martial arts promotion that was known as the first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
cameron has also acted in christian-themed films such as left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river , and was sometimes referred to as " prussia proper " .
after graduating he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes was eventually punished by the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while circling jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio program , presented by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on june 16 , 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also part of the boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , written by hippolytus , stated that hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain were sung in christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and defended the northern region of france against viking attacks .
it comes from the voice of america  VOA  special english program .
disney was presented with a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by child actress shirley temple , who was 10 years old at the time .
it was the first asteroid seen by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports on ethical scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal more docile and to help them gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
according to passmark software , the 2009 version of the software had a 52 second installation time , 32 second scan time and 7 mb of memory usage .
volterra is a town located in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been thought of as separate sensations , but recent studies have shown that itch has some similarities to pain and some major differences .
the tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps it to move in and out of the snout and to trap ants and termites .
the same tram had derailed on may 30 , 2006 while being tested at starr gate loop .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are located outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , toys for kids , massages , and a live rock band performance to the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in sarthe , in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern france .
if there are no land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into a normal town road , and the bypass can eventually become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also an ideal spot to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information in or linked from these webpages .
george frideric handel was kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are tiny , and their vision is not very good .
they are only surpassed in toughness by chitin among biological materials .
oregano is an important part of greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he printed and published his own works , while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned pieces .
the historical method is the process historians use to use primary sources and evidence to research and write history .
it is thought that the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok plays a role in the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but having no interest in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine .
it will then move away and sink back to the riverbed to digest its food and wait for its next prey .
research also shows that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis ' father is a strong supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , theouter convection of it began to be less organized .
the equilibrium price for labor is the wage .
thinking the grounds were haunted , they published their findings in a book called 'An Adventure'  1911  , written under the pseudonyms elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was taken over by the church and became part of the legation of perugia , and in 1860 it was annexed to the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and lost its convection , and then dissipated the next day over brazil , causing heavy rain and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to encourage civic engagement .
the characters are similar to their earlier characters pete and dud , but they use more profanity .
johan was the initial bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before they recorded an album .
in 1998 , culver won the iowa secretary of state election .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy by two votes , due to a single first-place vote .
shade goes against the law , causing a chain of events that leads to his colony having to leave their home , and separating him from them .
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer .
before the storm hit , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess they play is speed chess , in which each player has 12 minutes to finish the game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america which is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coast and as far as west virginia .
these computers are compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware of them .
the wave moved across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 19th century , eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture making industry .
the top part looks like the coat of arms of the former oberbarnim district .
unlike earth clouds , which are made of ice crystals , cirrus clouds on neptune are made of frozen methane crystals .
they cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally , in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet era , two of rostov 's main landmarks were demolished - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey  1953  demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the generation of electricity and heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let another male into the den , but it is unknown why .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css code snippet that can be activated by checking a box in your wikipedia settings .
here are some links to help you get involved .
he was prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
she was left behind  reasons for this are unclear  when the other nicoleños were relocated to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he served as an organist there until he passed away .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially thought he wouldn't accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as important , even if it is not used by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the southern part of the cyclone caused most of the deep convection to weaken by september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each license version is given a different number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but they need to choose a nickname before they can join .
in the same year he also earned a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certified airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is an upcoming wwe event , taking place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as bald and having long whiskers , and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals , such as ermine and snowshoe hare , change color according to the season , while others , like cephalopods , have chromatophores that respond quickly to their environment .
val venis won the steel cage match against rikishi and kept his wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this follows closely the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together using universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale university .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in small groups in over 51 countries on six continents or living among the people of those countries .
naas is a major town close to dublin , where many people live and travel to dublin for work .
acanthopholis 's armor consisted of oval plates placed almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out from the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was created on christmas eve 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills  start in the house of lords .
in the years before his release in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital , while he made plans for the reconquest of wallachia .
you may add a passage of five words or less as a front-cover text , and a passage of 25 words or less as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae usually appear blue due to the fact that blue light is scattered more efficiently than red  which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a town in the vaucluse region of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur area .
macgruber starts to gather simple items to make something to defuse the bomb , but later he gets distracted by something  usually related to his personal life  and runs out of time .
when messiaen died , yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be very important , after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded that the thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat governments resign , as they were seen as thaksin's representatives .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs prior planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn he designed the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes , explaining he has to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop began in the early 1990s and was influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
these groups were later included in the battalions forming xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it europe's largest stadium and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , corrie ten boom was honored as one of the "righteous among the nations" by the state of israel .
some articles are very long and full of information while others are shorter and of lower quality .
currently , there are 95 accepted species .
eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " film " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government to use resources to best serve the needs of its citizens .
after this , he composed several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  population .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than the male composers for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was made in the kinesthetic film principles style , which vorkapich taught .
mk sun idolized the lawyer , brandon waise lee , and grew up to become a lawyer himself .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in cabonne shire , new south wales , australia .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china explored the peel river and the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator , the slide rule was the most popular tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech option and overall thickness of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made from fermented milk .
more defencemen, 75 , have been inducted into the hall of fame than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been chosen .
different ideas regarding the subject have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were rejected by orthodox christian churches .
many record stores nationwide banned the album .
the legs are wide at the top and taper at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made news by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to his regular talks about his plan to move to sirius satellite radio .
in 2005 the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and its system-wide sales surpassed mcdonald's canadian operations as of 2002 .
in the movie , captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on march 2 , 2008 , with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky thought of writing the ballet .
protests were suppressed throughout the country .
offenbach 's operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near the city of xian , which used to be called chang ' an .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  born february 13 , 1921 ; died november 11 , 1968  was a french organist , pianist , composer and pedagogue .
it was reportedly very difficult to control the instrument .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
characteristics of radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a business magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries in many countries .
in 1988 he was given the title of companion of honour  ch  .
loèche has the facilities for onyx , the swiss system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder made of cardboard containing matches and having a striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to protest against smoking cigarettes near children , and drug use during pregnancy .
defiantly , she promised to never abandon the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series that follows graystripe from when he was captured by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  found that syrian immigrants did not live in secluded areas ; many of them had worked as peddlers and interacted with americans daily .
he was famous for his prints , book covers , posters and metalwork garden furniture .
as a child she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the need for nest boxes suggests that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for the conservation of hollow-dependent species such as leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional hockey team located in montreal , canada .
small inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that make transistors .
the term gribble was first given to the wood-boring species by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a successful quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with every military base on the harbour .
however , even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without praying must follow certain rules .
it is described as having a pointy face , and is the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work done in relation to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region .
human skin tones range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus to officially set up the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of it had not been set yet .
the professional hockey writers ' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east of afghanistan .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule are notable features of the design .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower and plays for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other close villages are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964 murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model independently .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 , when the column was moved to its current site , and is decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin had its own postal system , that issued its own stamps , until 1990 , that was different from west germany 's .
sandro botticelli painted the primavera around 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website that have survived after the magazine ceased to be published .
at four-and-a-half years old he had to live on his own in northern italy for the next four years , and moved between various orphanages and towns with other homeless children .
in the 1980s and 1990s stands were built behind each set of goals as the ground started to be modernised .
a town may be called a market town even if it is no longer holding a market , provided it still has the right to do so .
a bastion was built later on the eastern side .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was killed in battle against his pagan vassals at stiklestad in norway .
some theories suggest that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for his criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only when necessary .
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb located in the london borough of croydon , england .
in some cases , constituent refers to a citizen living in the area served by a politician , usually one who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the team constructed a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while going up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in the bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al . the following year .
the wario land series is a platforming game that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin composed the berceuse , opus 57 , for solo piano .
these attacks could be psychological instead of physical .
a historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
additionally , spectroscopic studies have indicated hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface .
she was appointed editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks similar to the moon with many craters and smooth flat areas , does not have any moons and no atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are great habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the governors from the delhi sultanate , turkish and afghan , before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it highlights harry 's courage , and by bringing back cedric 's body , he shows selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused severe destruction in the upper florida keys , due to the 18 to 20 feet high storm surge that hit the area .
it is now the place of meher baba's tomb-shrine and has facilities and rooms for pilgrims .
the fallen dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city located in essex county , massachusetts .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island located about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for an armed robbery that he did with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell in some parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user's setup and data can be stored if wanted .
the seats were distributed according to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , with the free democratic party  fdp  having 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  having 2 members , social democratic party  sp  having 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  having 1 member .
a fee is the money paid for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has a library system of twenty-one libraries in columbus .
in other developments , iceland and greenland accepted norway's rule , while scotland was able to repel a norse invasion and negotiate a favorable peace deal .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix was released as a free / open source software , but by then other operating systems had become more advanced , and it stayed mostly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color of this species varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white , and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish venture , as represented by its thistle logo , the national flower of scotland .
on september 22 , the warning area for jose was increased southward and then cancelled after it made landfall on september 23 .
in 2003 the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marines used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter gave audiences the info later seen in intertitles , helping historians to imagine what the film was like .
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used to get money for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded them to surrender .
before the second game began , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " show was not up to veeck's usual promotional level .
in a video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray will return .
a mutant is a character in marvel comics .
the sat test  formerly known as scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the geisslerlieder , which are medieval musical songs sung by wandering flagellants .
some reports suggest that various factors increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
his punishment was to be sent to australia for seven years .
waugh suggests that charles had been looking for love when he first met sebastian , and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that is important for the whole story .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life .
the term dorsal refers to parts of an animal that are either located on or extend from that side of the animal .
berzelius came up with the name " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of a single type of  huge  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 the line was extended north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , and then turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage route that went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are prone to arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in this area , and it stretches from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later released the comic on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog , along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , which is carefully checked internally and requires official proofs before making any changes .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but was not widely used in the classroom .
he went on tour with the ipo in 1990  soviet union  and in 1994  china and india  .
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , with napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the austrians .
for many years kano has been the economic center of northern nigeria and a main exporter of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora was awarded with many honors and recognitions .
after a short argument , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were created by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century the slavs moved into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many buildings were built on campus , including for the dental and pharmacy programs , chemistry , natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois' scott county .
arzashkun is an assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka , formed from the name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients for a part of lake van .
out of 16,421 applicants , she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show .
the abc network aired the show from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less strict circumstances .
gimnasia hired two well-known trainers from colombia, francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but their success was limited .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she acted in some music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 , 1979 , glinde officially became a town  in celebration of its 750th anniversary .
pauline returned in the 1994 game boy remake of donkey kong , and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , and is now considered as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very flexible and can stretch to a much larger size during childbirth .
his exact date of birth is not known , but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular substance  inhibitor  is needed to reduce the activity of a biological process  or component of a process , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
the bernese alps stretch across the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern and also into the cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had a daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that he liked bawden's work , and was sorry that not many people knew or remembered the artist .
the string can vibrate like a guitar string can produce different notes , and each vibration shows up as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award for his role as fletcher christian in the 1935 film mutiny on the bounty .
