the side composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan
jeddah is the most important city in mecca , and able-bodied muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is Saturday , and it follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball ; he then crawled away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the soo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola  was born on 8 November 1942 in italy .
the debris that was thrown up by the collision was supposed to have filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a b in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the Freedom Party in some ways, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had vanished after European settlement, with the arrival of new countries.
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive .
NRC is now organised as an independent, private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea , which includes the city of stralsund .
he was named the 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a sport that is believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports .
on the birthday of the king , throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow colors .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless, Tagore followed many styles, including craftwork from northern new zealand, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of the Michigan Union .
she performed for president Ronald Reagan in 1988 's great performances at the White House series .
perry saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10 p.m. on Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered on late July 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images of ophelia , the major axis points towards Uranus .
the british decided to take the land by force after they found out he was sacred to the indians .
some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the south Australian border almost to Caiguna , do not follow Australian Western Time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
ratchet agrees to help clank find captain qwark in order to stop drek from destroying the galaxy
it is not an actual louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who is half a world away they have never met in person .
working group ii : assesses scientific aspects of climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scotish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early September 30 , wind shear had dramatically increased and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum (a small piece of data) that is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result of this policy , although many mosques will not enforce the violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques, published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born on 10 July 1988 in bristol, England is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like the previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of PARIS ; and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of queen victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in religious-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the eastern part of Prussia
after graduating from college he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and unruly behavior .
so far , the ' celebrities ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance movement was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband , 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with all kinds of alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
it is derived from the voice of America  VOA  special English
disney was presented with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 megabyte .
the incident has been the subject of many reports about the ethics of scholarship .
so that the animal may be more easily controlled or may be put on the market more quickly .
seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky .
on 30 may 2006 , a tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop in southwark during a previous trial .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former Ipswich town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variation
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , making it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape York Peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often don't cause any real harm but can still cause discomfort.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on an oyster card
these works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines that historians use to use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap, sitting on top of the lake vostok, is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population of the city was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being unable to read but being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then swim back to the river bed and digest its food in order to wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and/or care about .
landis ' father has become a very supportive of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane changed .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
they were convinced that the grounds were haunted, and so they decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London , devoting himself chiefly to teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the embassy of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement department that was in New York City from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left the band before they ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for the office of secretary of state in Iowa and was successful
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defied that law and unintentionally initiated a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a sister .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed the visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks of the usa .
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes to play the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage was extended up the Atlantic coast and into western Virginia .
because the owner is not always aware of what is going on , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13 .
the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim is similar to the coat of arms of the current district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on Earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice            , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of 18 .
development releases are not very common, but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 inmadrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also uses heat and power to create electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking the option "enable wikipedia gadgets" in your preferences .
below are some useful links to help you participate in this activity .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto never becomes an official language of the united nations or other international organizations
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of thecyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula Braun  born 6 february 1912 in augsburg , austria ; died 30 april 1945 in auschwitz concentration camp , germany ) was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler .
each license has a unique version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have a chromatic response — changing color in different environments —, either seasonally or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis won a steel cage match to retain the world Wrestling Federation Intercontinental Championship 14:10 by defeating Rikishi after tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that work together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother, laura, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale.
mennonites can be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , Illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside the bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France , in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d'azur
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make a bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was largely completed when messiah died and Yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with the advice of George Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however, travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
while at Kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into the battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has a smaller number of users than the other two subway lines and the shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the eleventh largest stadium in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles might be quite lengthy and rich in content while others might be shorter and of poorer quality .
about 95 species of bird have been accepted by the international Union for the Conservation of Nature .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon Waise Lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the Peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is made from the fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  see below , but all were rejected by the mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in 2004 by cutting off howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many stores as McDonald's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 ; and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
Stravinsky conceived of the ballet in 1913 .
protests were suppressed in many parts of the nation
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 ; november 11 , 1968 in Tours  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore is the first extant church in Assisi .
radar observations indicate that the composition of the iron-nickel asteroid is quite pure
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988
loèche is home to the installations of onyx , a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy , called there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe from the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter p. 84 ; syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was very famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer, an australian national university professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes demonstrates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving the hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by Rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as the wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter, the administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who do not intend to pray at a mosque, there are still rules that apply
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is often characterized by the amount of work that a computer system can do compared to the time and resources that it uses
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the cross is the symbol for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and Uzbekistan borderAfghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis, inc. a web portal company
some of the notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve  february 19 , 1987 in jwaneng , Botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the GuinnessPremiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 193839 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany 's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter sandro Botticelli .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel ( digital radio station and website ), digital media player , and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches .
on july 29 , 2008 , olav haraldsson, the king of Norway, was killed in a battle against his pagan vassals .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union .
this led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded to the reports of riots in the media by saying that they were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely related definition of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area of jurisdiction or representation ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of using a traditional helicopter , the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm that they could use to shoot the scene while riding up Templin Highway North of Santa Clarita .
the book microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory was published the next year in a book .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with the game wario land : super mario land 3 .
opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
moreover, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a harder, more solid surface .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these provide excellent habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house of parliament .
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , jan-carl raspe, holger meins, and another raf member, jan-herbert grosse, were apprehended after a protracted shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music Manchester , a group that was committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet reached the region .
it is now the site of the meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
