one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes of northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an extraordinary day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he passed away six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they have a similar culture to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that produces little sound  and have showier — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft includes two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is an italian former soccer player .
it was originally thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , earning a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was added to the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
today nrc is structured as an independent , private foundation .
it is near the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also given the 1982 " sportsman of the year " title by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same source as racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so thailand will be decorated with yellow color on his birthday .
both names disappeared in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
despite this , tagore copied various styles , including art from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which was shown on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  won the wwf european championship against eddie guerrero  with chyna  when saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the pictures taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use the official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
worried that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in order to stop drek .
it is not really a louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a widely recognized discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are conspiring against someone half a world away they ' ve never met .
working group i : evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and inner hebrides by the wild waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a baby girl named alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations controlled by the minor planet center , an arm of the iau .
by early september 30 , wind shear began to increase and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy from the backing store .
as a result , both men and women must follow these guidelines when visiting a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel written by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  plays professional rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like earlier assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a nuclear physics professor at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the same for the rest of victoria 's rule , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion and the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often acted in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later called " prussia proper " .
after graduation he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was chosen as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible stories told in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband, 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , written by theologian hippolytus , says hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo pledged loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from other viking invasions .
it is based on voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be spotted by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues on as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been widely discussed in relation to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal is calmer and gains weight faster .
seventh sons have strong magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second installation time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory use .
volterra is a town in tuscany , Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain were not thought to be separate until recently , when it was found that itch has similarities to pain but also has differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous tests .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no land use regulations , buildings can be built along a bypass , making it a regular town road , and the bypass may eventually become as busy as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a great place to begin exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are usually not serious .
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for the use of information from these web pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who would become george i of great britain  .
their eyes are tiny , and their vision is poor .
they are only rivaled in toughness by chitin when it comes to biological materials.
oregano is essential in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
he made and published his own works , whilst his much bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method is how historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , there were 89,148 people .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used for medical purposes .
it will then detach itself and sink back to the river bed to eat and wait for the next meal .
also , research has found that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she is close to .
today , landis ' father is a huge supporter of his son and is proud to be one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 , the outer storms of the hurricane became disorganized .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they decided to write a book about their experience an adventure  1911  , under the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , focusing largely on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi fell under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and then in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and had no thunderstorms , then dissipated the next day over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band's lineup includes flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
advocacy countries with a small muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed versions of their previous characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , thanks to a single first-place vote .
shade's impulsive decision to break the law sets off a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home , their forced migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe destruction spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically called zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression near haiti's northern coast on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn has been renowned for its furniture making .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
they cannot join in until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and heat at the same time .
occasionally the male " den master " will let a second male into the den ; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or CSS code piece that can be enabled quickly by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was abandoned  explanations for this vary  when the rest of the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland .
james i appointed him an organist in the chapel royal , where he worked from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was hesitant to accept his award and initially said that he may not take it .
later , esperanto speakers started to see the language and the culture that had developed around it as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other global organizations .
dry air eroding the deep convection of the cyclone happened early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun , known as eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the companion and , for a short time , wife of adolf hitler .
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user needs to set a nickname before they can connect .
that same year , he also got a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , taking place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the biggest groups of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they also live in small communities in over 51 countries around the world .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and commuting to dublin for work .
acanthopholis' armor was made of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital as he made plans for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is better for blue light than red  which is why we have blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur area .
macgruber looks for items to help defuse the bomb , but he is often distracted by his personal life and runs out of time .
this was nearly finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod worked with george benjamin to orchestrate the final movement .
shi ' a muslims regard karbala as one of their most sacred cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they accused of being thaksin's representatives .
however , travelling through remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable four wheel drive vehicle .
while at kahn he designed the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and leaves for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was based on british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions being made for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has less riders than the other two subway lines , so shorter trains are used .
it can hold 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are very detailed and informative while others are shorter  possibly stubs  and of lower quality .
around 95 species are accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place of the sand hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources for the good of its native society .
he then wrote several pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male co-workers for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles , taught by vorkapich .
brandon  waise lee  was an idol to mk sun , inspiring him to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china searched along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , the slide rule was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 comes with a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and a smaller thickness of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made with bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders were added .
other opinions on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were denied by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide near the top and thin at the ankles .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is an albany , georgia firefighter who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind . "
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is considered a living relic .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests around the country were stopped .
offenbach 's operettas such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been discovered near the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux ( February 13 , 1921 - November 11 , 1968 ) was a French organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was very hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest church still standing in assisi .
radar observations show that the asteroid has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries globally .
he was named companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche holds the onyx system , a swiss interception setup for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder  matchcover  with matches inside and a rough striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never give up the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume english-language manga series that follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not stay in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to meet americans often .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and outdoor metal furniture .
as a child she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for leadbeater 's possum and other hollow-dependent species .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be created on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors .
gribble was initially used to refer to wood-boring species , particularly the one described by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's administration was held at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military places on the harbour .
however , even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules .
it is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work accomplished compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from dark brown to pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus with the official incorporation of the bank with help from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to try saddam , but claimed that the details of the trial had not been set yet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season ends .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are located around afghanistan , iran , pakistan and the people 's republic of china .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other towns close by include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved and is decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is an artwork by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's biggest city and capital .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can also be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a digital television channel , radio station , and website which have remained after the printed magazine ended .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and traveling with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually put up behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town may be classified as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if it still holds the right to do so .
a defensive wall was built later to protect the eastern approaches .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway against his pagan vassals .
some believe that tresca was killed by the nkvd because he criticized the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when necessary .
schuschnigg quickly said that reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a short appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year titled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may be psychological instead of physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to spread into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of water-containing minerals and silicates , which point to a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is covered in craters with flat areas, has no moons and no atmosphere .
geography the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas provide ideal habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in power only if they have the lower house's support .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's courage , and by getting cedric 's body , he shows selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the intense hurricane caused huge damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and facilities for pilgrims .
the destroyed dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , united states .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be shared without further alterations if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested for being involved in an armed robbery with frank gardiner by police inspector sir frederick pottinger .
torrential rain fell across britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , with the option to save the user 's configuration and data .
based on the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were divided as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the payment made for services , especially an honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other events , iceland and greenland accepted norway 's rule , but scotland was able to fight off a norse invasion and make a favorable peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had become more advanced , so it mainly stayed an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and sometimes with dark brown spots , mostly on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a Scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the national flower of Scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being removed soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the latter gave audiences information that is now provided by intertitles, helping historians to understand what the film may have been like .
that is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as security to raise funds for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp , demanding them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not as good as veeck's usual promotions .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is returning .
a mutant is a type of fictional character found in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test used for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy leads to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering flagellants .
some reports say that various factors make paralysis and hallucinations more likely.
his punishment was to be sent to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been looking for love when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that is significant in the work .
her famous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also significant in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on the back side of an animal .
the word " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of a single type of  large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
the color goes from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was built , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it curved west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail that goes west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of irregular heartbeat or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included mountains , plains , and more .
google then released the comic on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully checked and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not widely used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for the first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the austrians .
it has always been the economic hub of northern nigeria , and a source of groundnut production and export.
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century the slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were made on campus , including spaces for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city located in scott county , illinois .
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka created from the name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to describe part of lake van .
out of 16,421 applicants in the national casting , she was one of the 15 selected to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from its first show on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be built and used in more relaxed environments .
gimnasia hired colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , but neither was successful .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she was featured in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the village 's 750th anniversary , glinde was granted its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his exact date of birth is unknown , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to stop a given biological process  or component of a process , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the nearby cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , wishing more people remembered or knew about this great artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an academy award for his portrayal of fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
