Hi, everybody.
This is actor advocate Andy Arias.
Happy ADA 30.
I want to take a quick second to give a shout out to disabilityunite.org.
Thank you for putting on such an amazing event.
Thank you to Corey and Elizabeth for inviting me to do this.
You guys, it is almost November. What does that mean? It is time to go out and vote.
Now, more than ever, your choices and your voices matter.
So whether you are on the right or the left side, your voice needs to be heard in November.
Know where your polling place are.
Know that there are absentee ballot options available, and there may be other options available depending on what situation we find ourselves in.
We are the largest population, and any minority or majority on the planet-- it is time that we are equal in our voices and in our choices.
Please do not forget to go out and vote in November.
If I didn't speak up, would you notice me?
4 Wheel City presents The Movement.
This is a refreshers course.
We all travel in separate vehicles, right?
Cars, trucks, bicycles, wheelchairs, motorized wheelchairs, canes, crutches.
Be aware, and kindly make an adjustment so that we can all get to where we're going.
As I said in the beginning, this is a very unique time and space.
So 4 Wheel City takes a moment to say thank you.
4 Wheel City.
Thank you so much for taking the time out to spend the evening with us.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, as I told you before.
And I am an ally of disabled people.
We all breathe the same air.
We all share the same space.
And as Maya Angelou said, we have more in common than we realize.
Have a wonderful summer.
Stay safe.
We love you.
Thank you again for joining us.
See you next time.
Good evening, everybody, and welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I'm so happy to be here with you this evening.
This is a moment that we've all been anticipating.
It's a moment that's powerfully titled, "It Just Had to be Said".
And all of the artists, including myself, in this next segment pretty much just let you know what needs to be said in protest of 2020, the us, the we, the they, the fear, the outrage, the defiance, all of us, you and I, redefining our identities.
These next few artist bring it to you and tell you just like it is.
I finally get a chance to tell you a little bit about myself.
Again, my name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, performance spoken-word artist.
This piece, written and performed by me, is titled Global Libations.
It's a memorial for the gone but not forgotten, the heroes and the sheroes that are no longer with us, gone from our dinner tables, from our neighborhoods, from our lives, leaving behind husbands, wives children, grandparents, elders, gone.
Global Libations.
Zazel O'Garra, founder and artistic director of ZCO Dance Project, is a force to be reckoned with.
She's a powerful force in the artistic industry.
Nothing can slow her down. Nothing can pull her back.
Nothing can hold Zazel down.
She is dynamite.
Her dancers defy gravity.
They move through space and time effortlessly.
It's as if they can never stop.
Their sheer determination defies all odds.
In this new piece, titled "We the People", choreographed by Wendy Powell, you'll get a chance to see what I'm talking about.
Put your hands in the air.
Get ready.
ZCO Dance Project is coming to you right now.
Go, ZCO.
Hi, Andrea.
Welcome to Disability Night platform.
Thank you so much for coming today.
We're very honored to have you.
You're known as the seated nurse.
Could you give us a little bit of a back story about yourself and about your disability?
Yes, I'm the seated nurse.
I'm the first registered nurse here in New York City to graduate out of nursing school and be a wheelchair user at the same time. And my little backstory is that I also have transverse myelitis.
I was diagnosed at the age of five and completely stopped walking when I was 12 years old.
- Wow.
You're a very gifted, talented person.
I've known you for a long time.
You've also been Miss Wheelchair New York.
What made you want to become a nurse?
- I actually didn't always want to be a nurse.
I think a long time ago, we had spoken about representation and what that meant to us, right?
And I didn't see people that look like nurses that look like me as a nurse-- not as a woman, not as a woman of color, but as a woman that had a disability.
I wanted to be a doctor.
I actually wanted to be a lawyer before that.
And in trying to get towards where I really wanted to be in life, I really thought about giving back and being of service to someone else.
Medical school teaches you that you're treating a disease process, you're treating how a disease process works throughout someone's body.
I didn't want to treat someone like they were a disease process.
I wanted to treat them as a person, so nursing fit right in there.
So do you think then as a nurse that's in a chair, did you— do you think that there was any perks or beneficial aspects of being able to be relatable to people when you meet them in the patient setting?
- Oh, 100%.
Being in the seated position or any disability at all, you are bringing a perspective that somebody might not have, right?
We know that disability is often deemed "the death sentence," quote unquote, right?
But when you come into nursing and you have your disability already and now you're at the bedside, that person knows that life goes on outside of the four walls of a hospital or outside the four walls of a clinic.
You're giving them that new lease on life, a hope that probably doesn't come from a doctor or nurse that doesn't have a disability.
It's definitely a different perspective.
And we're innovators, so, of course, there's a perk there.
We already know how to think 20 steps ahead.
Exactly, exactly.
You recently were on the front lines of the COVID-19 crisis.
Could you tell us a little bit about that and your experiences?
- Yeah. COVID in New York, you guys all know, hit like a tornado came through.
The amount of lives lost, the amount of those who are sick, the amount of those who are recovering is something that's going to be an endless journey from here on out.
It's the new normal, they say, right?
This is not a normal that I want.
We don't want to be on lock-down.
We don't want to have our loved ones being sick or having to go through what COVID is doing to our bodies.
So luckily, as those of us with disabilities already understand the scope of being excluded, possibly not leaving our homes, being afraid for going in and out of hospitals or clinics, we understand this life a little bit more, right?
We can kind of adapt to it a little bit more than the general public.
And we get to now step up and say, we know what this is like.
Share your stories.
Help everyone else get through it, because we still have to get through this together.
Exactly, exactly.
What advice would you give to our community in general during this pandemic?
Because I know a lot of people have been isolated, which is maybe not normal from our normal routines or separate from our normal routines.
But what advice would you give to them to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Try to avoid being out in big crowds right now.
If you do have to be out, wear a mask.
Make sure you're washing your hands.
Don't miss appointments, OK, guys?
I know a lot of us are staying away from clinics and hospitals, but you are only jeopardizing your health when you do that.
Make sure that you are still getting out there to your physicians and making sure that you're getting the treatments that you need.
We want to make sure that we're keeping healthy.
And in order to do that, we need to follow up with our physicians.
And I'm telling you as a nurse that has been in all of these buildings and has been at the bedside at the peak of COVID, they're putting in every precaution to make sure that we are staying healthy when we do enter into those settings.
So please make sure that you're taking care of yourselves.
Get outside.
Call a friend.
And don't think that you're alone through all of this. You're not.
Yes, definitely.
What advice would you give to somebody younger than you who wants to be a nurse or work in the health care industry?
I imagine it wasn't an easy road for you to be understood and accepted into this-- into that community.
It definitely was an uphill battle.
This is still a profession that needs to understand that disability does not equal inability, right?
Just because I'm in a seated position does not mean that I cannot be of service to you in any which way or form.
I think even within our own community, we try to put the same biases, this ablestic bias on ourselves like, oh, we can't do something because that's for someone who walks, or how would you be able to lift?
All these questions about how can you do something?
The thing is we do things differently.
As someone with all different abilities, whether you have a hearing impairment, whether you have a vision impairment, whether you are standing or using crutches, whether you're using-- you can't lift or you must sit, we have different ways of being innovative in how we come up to a solution, right?
Sometimes you need to ask for an extra hand, and sometimes you actually can do it by yourself.
So we have to remember that everyone's perception of us does not define us, right?
So therefore, you get to choose how you wish to enter into this field and decide what your story's going to be.
No one else gets to decide that.
That's beautiful.
Where do you see Andrea in 10 years from now?
So right now, I am studying a master's in nursing education with the hopes of possibly become a doctorate of nursing practice within the next couple of years.
I would love to be able to give back to our community.
It's really, really imperative that we have people in health care that understand our plight, they understand the disability world, they understand the disability from the side of having a disability and being able to then now treat it.
And not just treat and not understand, but to treat and understand.
That's beautiful.
Andrea Dalzell, thank you so much for being with us today here at Disability Unite.
You are a visionary, in your words, you are an educator, and you are a inspiration to so many people.
You're a milestone in the community that is helping to push our community forward, so I personally thank you. I know the community I'm inspired by you every day.
So thank you for being with us today, and we wish you the best of luck, and we'll definitely be following you.
Thank you so much, Corey.
Thank you everyone.
Take care.
Bye.
Taking the stage next is Full Radius Dance.
Based in Atlanta, Full Radius Dance is comprised of professional dancers with and without physical disabilities.
The company strongly illustrates the organization's belief that inclusion in the performing arts, and in particular dance, is capable of creating power, passion, and innovation.
Full Radius Dance maintains a busy performance schedule in Atlanta, as well as regionally, nationally, and internationally.
The company will be performing Re-Emerge, the first in a three-part series with the overall title of Return.
Created for the camera with music by Andrew Choe, Re-Emerge is Full Radius Dance's response to the self-quarantining necessary due to COVID-19.
How will we re-emerge?
Re-Emerge is choreographed by the dancers under the artistic direction of Douglas Scott.
You can find Full Radius Dance online at www.fullradiusdance.org. Twitter and Instagram are @FullRadiusDance.
Hi, I'm Jeff Tweedy from Wilco, and I'm here to introduce the next performer, Gaelynn Lea.
We met in-- I don't know, a few years back at a festival in Montana.
And Gaelynn was one of those people that the instant you meet them, you feel like you've known them your whole life, and you're friends, or you're family, maybe, even.
She's opened up for Wilco.
She won a Tiny Desk Concert in 2016, and after that, she hit the road with her husband.
45 states, nine countries later, she does a show every Sunday on YouTube.
And she just has infinite energy to make the world better.
I love her so much.
And I can't wait for you to see her perform.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Justin Cooper, and I am a member of the Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee.
It is an honor to be a part of this wonderful virtual festival.
And I'm thankful for Disability Unite for giving me an opportunity to speak to you all.
Now, normally during Disability Pride Month, we're showcasing our disability pride through various parades and events throughout the country.
But due to the effects of COVID, we've all had to change our strategies on how we showcase our events.
Here in Chicago, we worked on a video with members of our committee, sharing our thoughts on what our disability pride parade and also the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act means to them.
During one of our meetings discussing the video process, we were joined by members of Disability Unite.
And we wound up talking about our plans for the parade and their plans for today's virtual festival.
And the idea of collaborating together came up, and we talked about what that would mean to our respective disability communities.
To me, that meant working together with many disability organizations, not just in Chicago and New York, but throughout the country.
We, not only as people with disabilities, but people with disabilities who take pride in being who they are, who take pride in showing solidarity with each other, and take pride in supporting one another during these times of a pandemic.
And hell, even before all of this, we've been the ones looking after each other, providing resources to make sure that we were able to live our lives and be a part of the community at large.
It's important for us to continue to love each other, fight for each other, and support each other during these times.
It's time for us to put together disability pride parades and disability festivals to work together and create awareness and making sure we continue to do this for years to come.
With that, I thank you for letting me have this time.
I want to thank Matt and Elizabeth Axel for of reaching out to this Chicago Disability Pride Parade Committee and to Disability Unite.
On behalf of the committee, we look forward to working with you all in the near future.
And so with that, thank you so much for letting me do this.
And I hope this is a very, very good festival today.
And let's all have a good time and celebrate disability pride.
Thank you.
Hey, guys.
It's Lachi.
And we're here to celebrate our community and how awesome each and every one of us are.
The disability community has true intersectionality.
I mean, look at me. I'm a triple threat. And I don't just mean the acting and the singing and the writing.
I'm black, blind, and I'm a b-eautiful woman.
We're diverse.
We're creative. And we're full of love.
And we're grateful to have had regulation that has recognized us for 30 years. But here's to 30-times-30 years more.
Hi, my name's Laura Benanti, and it's my absolute honor to introduce Evan Ruggiero to you.
Evan is from my home state of New Jersey-- Jersey for life!
He started tapping at age 5, and then as a sophomore at Montclair State University, he was diagnosed with a very rare form of cancer.
He had to undergo nine surgeries in six months and had to make the very difficult decision, ultimately, to amputate his leg.
18 months after that surgery, and only two days after receiving his peg leg, he was tapping again.
He is one of the most courageous, inspirational people I will ever know.
And it's just a wonderful thing that he is on this earth and that he is still able to perform for so many luminaries, including Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, on the Oscars.
That's incredible.
He's a Drama Desk nominee. He was nominated for the Chita Rivera Dance Award.
He's a really incredible person.
He's also very, very nice, and that goes a long way.
Thanks for having me, and here he is.
Hey, I'm Thomas Ellenson, and I'm really pleased to have this opportunity to introduce Ryan Niemiller, who is both a really funny guy and is also a trailblazer for me and other disabled actors and comics.
I followed his lead and wrote my own material, knowing that without doing so, people might not give me that first break and hire me otherwise.
But also, like Ryan, I do not consider myself to be a disabled actor or comedian.
Disability is just one part of my life.
It does not confine my humor. It is just one of the sources.
Ryan's described in interviews how the power of laughter early on saved him.
Kids can be cruel when people don't look like you, or in my case, talk like me.
When bullies might make fun, using wit right away is a great tool.
Ryan's known as the Cripple Threat-- the Power of Humor.
Ryan's described in interviews how the power of laughter unites people, and it brings joy to life, including my own.
It gives me great pleasure to introduce the guy we know and love from America's Got Talent, the one and only Cripple Threat, Cripple Threat Ryan Niemiller.
Thanks, everyone.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Victor Calise, Commissioner the Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities.
Welcome, everyone, to the first ever Disability Unite Festival.
We are so excited to present you with an amazing program of music, dance, art, discussion, gaming, and more.
I'd like to start by thanking the members of New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities and the Disability Community Consortium Project, Access For All, who have worked to make this event possible.
Together, with our community partners around the country, we've organized an incredible celebration during a difficult time.
Our country is in a period of upheaval, of change, of challenge, and sadness.
But I have personally seen our community rise up to overcome.
We are stronger together, we work together, and we succeed together.
This event marks the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, an historic piece of legislation passed exactly 30 years ago that put into writing what we all know-- all people are equal, and all people must have equal access to opportunity.
We also celebrate the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action, DIA, a civil rights organization birthed in New York City.
Today, we share gratitude to the leaders of DIA, who orchestrated protests, had sit-ins, even chained themselves to buses in order for us to have the disability accommodations that we have today.
We also recognize our nation's communities of color and LGBTQ community, because civil rights movements support each other, help each other, and make each other strong.
The disability rights movement is stronger because these civil rights movements happened, and we owe a debt of gratitude and continue to support them.
Since the passage and signing of ADA, we have seen tremendous strides in disability rights across all facets of life.
We have much to celebrate this July, but we also know that advocacy efforts must continue.
The Disability Unite Festival is the time and place to celebrate our community, celebrate our individuality, celebrate the parts of ourselves that make us unique and amazing.
However, at the same time, this is a platform to further advance equity and inclusion for everyone.
While we are in separate locations, distance does not define a community.
Community lives within each of us.
It shows itself in the way that we speak, the way that we act, the way that we love, the way that we advocate for ourselves, our families, our friends, and our neighbors.
As a community, we are stronger than we know.
Together, we do make change happen, we have made tremendous progress in the fight for disability rights, and we will continue fighting until every person in this country is included and has the same access and opportunity as anyone else.
Now, enjoy the festival, and I look forward to coming together in person next year.
Happy Disability Pride Month.
Miranda Hoffner and I are delighted to welcome you to this part of the show.
We are going to be highlighting artists from a variety of genres at all different stages of their careers.
The ADA is a necessary foundation for all our work.
It frames the idea that disabled people might want to make art.
It guarantees the access necessary for us to do so.
That's why we see so many different artists and arts groups today.
But the ADA isn't enough.
Disability artistry leads us away from thinking about access as a series of regulations, to imagining access as a series of practices.
This is our future, and it begins now.
Hi, my name is Miranda Hoffner.
I'm the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
I'm so delighted to share with you two pieces that we commissioned as part of our ADA in the Arts series.
The first up is from Heidi Latsky Dance, a partner that we've worked with at Lincoln Center for many years.
We so respect her work.
It is a piece called SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30.
And it features 15 artists, disabled and nondisabled, who are sharing with us their experience in isolation.
Enjoy.
This next piece is part of Lincoln Center's ADA in the Arts Video Series.
It is in collaboration with Queens Theater and features Queens Theater for All Initiative.
It is a virtual reading of "Death Bites," written by Makena Metz, and it is performed, written and directed by a team of disabled artists.
We hope you enjoy it.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Cokely, the director of the Disability Justice Initiative at the Center for American Progress.
Jackson Santi is a poet and spoken word artist who's based in Chicago and is just beginning his career.
But when you hear his poem, you will understand that he has a great future ahead of him.
I present to you Jackson Santi performing his original work, "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
Hello, I'm Ricky McKinnie, speaking for the Blind Boys of Alabama, and we want to let you know that singing brings us close
Hello, everyone, and welcome to the first-ever Disability Unite Festival, the intersection of everything about us with us.
The Disability Unite Festival began as a project of the Disability Community Consortium Project Access for All and the New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
As a community consortium, Project Access for All is made up of many different people and many organizations that all came together to make this possible.
This is truly a festival for our community by our community.
Of course, none of this could have happened without the leadership of New York City's Commissioner, Victor Calise, from whom you just heard.
The team he put together is so incredible.
They are seeing New York City through the coronavirus pandemic, and with weekly phone calls hosted by Jonathan Novick, we've had outstanding communication.
And we, as the disability community, found ourselves getting to know each other even better and working together as a community.
We are also able to see the national network of Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities in action, with each city helping the other during these difficult times.
This is the positive outcome of this crisis.
We have seen rapid growth of community and partnership from disability groups from across the country and even around the world.
Now, not only is this the 30th anniversary of the ADA, but also the 50th anniversary of Disabled in Action.
And we are very honored to have their president, Jean Ryan, here to do the virtual ribbon cutting and start off the first Disability Unite Festival.
Disabled in Action is a civil rights organization committed to ending discrimination against people with disabilities-- all disabilities. Known as DIA, it fights to eliminate the barriers that prevent us from enjoying full equality in American society.
Jean, would you like to say a few words?
Thank you.
We have had 50 years of many meetings, of many emails, of lawsuits and sit-ins, and some of us arrested.
You remarked, Matt, about Commissioner Calise's role in our community.
I would like to call attention to his appointment to the Metropolitan Transit Authority Board, otherwise known as the MTA.
Commissioner Calise has the experience and know-how and the community lobbied together to get this appointment to happen.
From here in, it is important to always make sure that we have a seat the table, and we have to cultivate our leadership to have people as capable as Commissioner Calise to push forward for appointments.
I am excited by Disability Unite.
The ability for DIA to have the support of thousands of disabled people and non-disabled allies gives us power.
I couldn't agree more, Jean.
Together, we have the power to create the change we need.
Now, without further ado, we hope everyone has a great time at the Disability Unite Festival, and that you will join us in creativity, fun, friendship, and taking action to make our communities a place of equality, access, and inclusion for all, including people with disabilities.
Hi, my name is Chelsie Hill.
I'm the founder of the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
Our team is made up of incredible women with all different disabilities, but they do not let their disability define them.
Our mission is to empower women with disabilities to live boundlessly and shift perspective through dance.
You may have seen us on NowThis, Huffington Post, BuzzFeed, Today Show, Good Morning America, Instagram and the Ellen Show.
For more information about us, please visit RollettesDance.com and follow us on all social media channels.
We are excited to be a part of Disability Unite Virtual Festival.
Please welcome the Rollettes Dance Team.
Steph Aiello, Samantha Lopez, Conner Lundius, Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino, and myself Chelsie Hill performing We Can Together.
We know that gender equality is not a female issue.
It's a social and economic imperative.
Similarly, including people with disabilities in employment is about more than just equality. It's good business sense and beneficial for a company's success.
Equality is coming, but we can't just wait more than 100 years to realize gender parity in the C-suite and more than 257 years to close the gender pay gap.
Nor can we wait for equality, access, and inclusion for all as we push forward our message.
So will we push forward the message of equity for people with disabilities, communities of color, and LGBTQ communities.
Collectively, we have impact.
The Female Quotient helps organizations become a catalyst for change and achieve ROE, Return On Equality.
We are advancing equality in the workplace and in media through solutions for change, measurements for accountability, and helping companies become equality fit.
We provide business leaders with research, tools, experiences to promote equality and publish The Modern Guide to Equality, a playbook for activating change.
We look forward to collaborating with Disability Unite and the disability community in solidarity.