Hi, everybody.
This is Andy Arias, I am an actor and advocate.
So happy to celebrate with you 30 years since the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA) became a law.
I want to say thank you to disabilityunite.org.
Thank you for this amazing event.
Thank you to Corey and Elizabeth for inviting me to talk to you.
You know, it is almost November. That means it is almost time to go vote.
Now, more than ever, your choices (and your votes) can make a difference.
No matter whom you want to vote for, it is important that you vote in November.
You should know where you could go to vote.
You should know if you could vote from home. You should check if there are other ways of voting this year because of covid-19.
We are more than any other group in the whole world. We should be equal and have choices like everybody else.
To make sure we have choices please do not forget to go out and vote in November.
If I didn't speak out loud, would you pay attention to me?
The 4 Wheel City group presents The Movement.
In the next work, the artists want to remind us of something important.
They remind us that we all move in different ways.
We walk and drive cars and bicycles but we also use wheelchairs and crutches.
So, we need to make sure we all pay attention to each other, we need to make sure everything is accessible so we can all get to where we want to go.
Like I said in the begining, we leave in a very special time.
So 4 Wheel City group wants to to say thank you to the people who help us in covid-19 times.
4 Wheel City.
Thank you so much for being with us tonight.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, as I told you before.
I am a friend and supporter of disabled people.
We all breathe the same air.
We all share the same space.
And as Maya Angelou said, we have more thing that are the same then things that are different..
Have a wonderful summer.
Stay safe.
We love you.
Thank you again for being with us.
See you next time.
Good evening, everybody. Welcome to the Disability Unite Festival.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin.
I am so happy to be here with you this evening.
This is a moment that everybody was waiting for.
It is a moment that we can call, "It just had to be said".
The artists in the next part of the festival, including me, just say what we think. We just say what is wrong now, in 2020, what we need to change. How people just want to be with people they think are just like them and do not want to be with other people. We talk about being afraid, being angry, trying to say no, trying to know who we are.
The next artists tell you exactly what they think about all these things.
Now I can to tell you a little bit about myself.
My name is Gha'il Rhodes Benjamin, I am an artist who performs with words.
The piece that I will perform for you now is a piece that I wrote. I call this work Global Libations.
I wrote this in memory of the people who died and are no longer with us but we do not forget them. It is in memory of brave men and women who passed away. Who are not with us anymore. They are gone. They are not with us at dinner, and they are not with us in the neighborhood. They are not in our lives anymore. They had husbands and wifes, they had children and grandparents, and now they are gone.
Global Libations.
Zazel O'Garra is the founder and artistic director of ZCO Dance Project. She is a very strong and important woman.
She is a powerful artist.
Nothing can slow her down.
Nothing can slow her down. Nothing can stop her.
She has so much energy.
Her dancers jump so high (in the air).
When they move it looks so easy.
It looks like they can never stop.
They just keep on moving even when it looks impossible.
The name of their new dance is "We the People" the person who created the dance is Wendy Powell. Now you will see them.
Put your hands in the air.
Get ready.
ZCO Dance Project is starting right now.
Go, ZCO.
Hi Andrea.
Welcome to Disability Night.
Thank you very much for coming.
We’re glad you are here.
You are called “the seated nurse”.
Can you tell us about yourself? And why they call you the seated nurse?
Yes, I am called the seated nurse.
I am the first person in New York City to become a nurse also use a wheelchair. I am using a wheelchair because I have a desease.
It started when I was five years old. I stopped walking when I was 12 years old.
Wow.
You are a very talented person.
I have known you for a long time.
You won the Ms. Wheelchair New York contest.
Why did you want to be a nurse?
I did not always want to be a nurse.
We talked about different jobs a long time ago.
I did not see any nurses with disabilities, who looked like me. There were women, and women of color, but not with disabilities, so I did not think about being a nurse.
I wanted to be a doctor.
I also wanted to be a lawyer.
I thought about what I really wanted to do. I wanted to help other people.
In medical school, you learn how to treat a sickness in someone’s body.
You treat the sickness and not the person.
I wanted to help take care of the person and not the sickness. So I became a nurse.
Do you think that being in a wheelchair helps you in your job? Does it make it easier for your patients to talk to you?
Yes it does.
People see my disability and learn something new. They see things in a different way.
People sometimes think that if you have a disability, your life is over.
But when they see someone with a disability taking care of them, they understand that life goes on. They know they will not always be in the hospital.
When they see me, it gives them hope that other doctors and nurses cannot give them.
It makes them understand things in a different way.
Also, we are doing something new.
We know how to plan ahead.
Exactly.
You helped take care of a lot of COVID-19 patients.
Can you tell us about that?
You know that a lot of people in New York got COVID. It was very hard.
A lot of people died. A lot of people got sick, and a lot of people are just starting to get better. It is going to take a very long time.
People are saying that we have to get used to this.
But I don’t want to get used to this.
I don’t want to have to stay home.
I don’t want so many people we love get sick and suffer from COVID.
Luckily, we - people with disabilities already understand the kind of life we all live now. People with disabilities understand what it is like not to be included. We know how sometimes it is hard to go out of our homes. We know about going to hospitals. We understand this life a little better than other people.
It is easier for us to get used to living this way.
We have to tell people that we understand.
We have to tell other people our stories.
We have to help other people who do not know how to live this way.
Exactly.
What do you want to tell people now, during COVID?
A lot of people are alone. This is not how they usually live. It is very different for them.
Can you give them ideas for how to stay healthy?
Do not go to places were there are a lot of people.
If you go outside, wear a mask.
Wash your hands.
Go to the doctor when you have to.
People do not like to go to the hospital or to the doctor now, but that is not safe.
Keep going to the doctor to get what you need.
We have to take care of ourselves and stay healthy.
We have to keep going to the doctor to stay healthy.
I am a nurse and I go to hospitals and work with patients with COVID. I tell you that the hospitals are being very careful. The hospitals are careful so if we have to go to the hospital, we will not get COVID.
Take good care of yourself.
Go outside.
Talk to your friends.
Remember that you are not alone.
Yes.
What would you tell someone who is younger than you and wants to be a nurse or a doctor?
It was probably hard for you, for nurses and doctors to understand you and accept you.
It was very hard work, that is true.
Medical people still do not understand that being disabled does not mean you are unable to do things.
I am sitting, but I can still help you with anything you need.
Sometimes, even we, people with disabilities, do not believe we can do things just because of our disability. We think we cannot do things because we cannot walk. We worry about how we will lift things.
We ask ourselves how we can do things.
We just do things in a different way.
People have different abilities. Some people cannot hear well. Some people cannot see well. Some people can stand and some walk with crutches. Sometimes we cannot lift things. So we think of different ways of doing things.
Sometimes we ask for help, and sometimes we can do it ourselves.
People look at us and think what we can or can't do, but that does not mean that is who we are.
We can choose how to become a doctor or a nurse. You can tell your own story.
Nowbody gets to decide for you.
That’s beautiful.
What will you do in the future?
I am still studying. I am learning how to teach other people to become nurses. I hope to continue studying and become a better nurse.
I want to be able to do good things for our community.
It is very important to have nurses and doctors that understand us and understand disabilities. People with disabilities understand what it is like, and now they can help treat disabilities too.
They can treat people, and understand them.
What you said in beautiful.
Andrea Dalzell, thank you very much for talking at Disability Unite.
You teach people, and give people hope.
"You are making a big difference in our community and making our community better.
"Thank you very much, from the disabled community and from me. I learn a lot from you. Thank you for coming and good luck!
Thank you so much, Corey.
Thank you everyone.
Take care.
Bye
Now we will see Full Radius Dance.
Full Radius Dance is a dance group from Atlanta. All the dancers are professional some have physical disabilities and some do not.
The group believes that including different people in art and especially in dance makes people stronger. It makes people love each other.
The group does a lot of shows. They perfom in Atlanta, in other states, and even in other countries.
The dance we will see is called Re-Emerge. The dance is part of a group of dances called Return.
Andrew Choe wrote the music for the dance. The dance is about choosing to stay at home because of COVID.
It is also about what will happen when we can go back outside.
The dancers made the dance, and Douglas Scott was leading them.
You can learn more about Full Radius Dance on the internet at www.fullradiusdance.org, or at @FullRadiusDance on Twitter and Instagram.
Hi, I'm Jeff Tweedy from the Wilco band. I am here to introduce Gaelynn Lea.
I met Gaelynn a few years ago at a festival in Montana.
Gaelynn is a special person because when you meet her you feel like you have known herfor a long time. You feel like you are friends, or even family.
Gaelynn started the show for the Wilco band performances.
She won an award for her music. After she won, she did a music tour with her husband.
She performed in many states, and even in other countries. Now she has a show every Sunday on YouTube.
She has a lot of energy and she just wants to make the world better.
I love her so much.
And I can't wait for you to see her perform.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Justin Cooper. I am from the Disability Pride Parade in Chicago.
I am very glad to be part of the festival this year.
I want to thank Disability Unite for letting me talk to you.
Most years, during Disability Pride Month we have parades and events all over the United States to show how proud we are.
This year, because of COVID, we have to do things differently.
I made a video with the people I work with in Chicago. In the video, we talked about how important the Disability Pride Parade is for us. We also talked about the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
When we were making the video, we had a meeting with people from Disability Unite.
We talked about the parade and this festival.
We talked about working together and how much we can help each other.
If we work together, we could help a lot of people all over the country, not just Chicago and New York.
We are not just people with disabilities. We are people with disabilities who are proud of who we are. We are also proud to help each other, especially now when we have a pandemic, when so many people are sick with corona.
We have always helped each other, we made sure we can all live our lives and be part of our communities.
We have to keep loving each other. We have to fight for each other.
If all the people who plan disability parades and festivals work together, we can do more, and continue for a long time.
Thank you for listening to me.
Thank you Matt and Elizabeth Axel for inviting us to join you. Thank you Disability Unite.
We hope we will work together very soon.
Thank you all.
I hope this is a very, very good festival.
I hope we all have a good time and celebrate disability pride.
Thank you.
Hey, guys.
I am Lachi.
And we are here to celebrate our community. To celebrate how great we all are.
People with disabilities belong to many different groups.
Look at me for example. I am acting and singing and writing.
But I am also black, and blind, and I am a b-eautiful woman.
We are all different from each other.
We are creative, and, we are full of love.
And we are thankful for the ADA protecting our rights and hope that it will for many more years to come.
Hi, my name is Laura Benanti. I am honored to introduce Evan Ruggiero (to you).
Evan is from New Jersey and so am I – I love Jersey!
Evan started tap dancing when he was only 5 years old. When he was in the second year in college, he had cancer.
He had nine surgeries in six months and had to make a very difficult decision. He decided to let the doctors cut off one of his legs.
A year and a half after the surgery, and only two days after he received a peg leg (a leg made of wood), he started tap dancing again.
I think Evan is a very brave and impressive person.
It is just so wonderful that he is alive. It is great that he can still perform for so many important and famous people like Ellen DeGeneres, the Bidens, and even the Oscars.
That is incredible!
He is nominated for many awards.
He's a really incredible person.
He's also very, very nice, and that is important.
Thanks for having me, and here he is.
Hi. My name is Thomas Ellenson. I am very happy to tell you about Ryan Niemiller. Ryan is a very funny person. A lot of actors with disabilities learned from him.
He taught me that I should write my own shows so people will want to give me a job.
Ryan does not think about himself as an actor with a disability. I do not either.
I have a lot of other things in my life.
I don’t only make jokes about my disability, I make jokes about other things too.
Ryan says that laughing helped him when he was young.
When kids made fun of him because of how he looks. I felt that too. I talk differently than other people. Kids were mean to me.
When people are mean to you, telling a joke can make them stop.
Ryan is also called the Cripple Threat.
Laughing makes people like each other. It makes people happy.
A lot of people saw Ryan Niemiller on America’s Got Talent. Now he is here. The Cripple Threat.
Thank you everyone.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Victor Calise, I am Commissioner for People With Disabilities at the Mayor office here in new York.
Welcome, everyone, to the first Disability Unite Festival.
We are so excited. We have an amazing program of music, dance, art, discussion, gaming, and more.
I would like to thank all the people that worked to make the festival happen. The people from New York City Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities, the Disability Community Consortium Project and Access For All.
Together, with many other partners, we organized a great celebration. And we are doing it in a difficult time.
This is a difficult time for our country. It is a time of change, a time of challenge, and sadness.
But I see people who are trying to make it better.
When we work together we are stronger, we can succed.
This festival is celebrating 30 years of the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA). This important law says what we all know. The ADA says all people are equal, and all people must have equal access and opportunities.
We are also celebrating 50 years of the organization Disabled in Action, DIA. DIA is an organization for civil right that started here in New York City.
Today, we thank the leaders of DIA. These leaders organized many types of protests. They did all that for us to have the accessibility that we have today..
We also want to thank our friends in communities of color and LGBTQ community. We thank them because communities that fight for equal rights help each other.
These communities make the disability rights movement stronger. That is why we thank them and we support them.
Since the ADA became a law there are many changes. We are making a great progress in disability rights in many different areas of life.
We are celebrating now, but we know that there is still a lot of work to do.
The Disability Unite Festival is the time and place to celebrate our community. We celebrate who we are, we celebrate how special and amazing we all are.
But, at the same time, the festival is also a good opportunity to keep working to make sure we are all equal.
We are now in many different places, but we are still a community.
The community is in us.
We can see we are part of the same community in the way that we speak, and act, and love. We show it in the way we talk for ourselves, for our families, for our friends, and for our neighbors.
As a community, we are even stronger than we think.
Together, we change things. We now have many more rights for people with disabilities. But we will continue to fight until every person in this country is included in the community. Every person has the same access and opportunity as anyone else.
Now, enjoy the festival, and next year I hope to see you all here in New York City.
Happy Disability Pride Month.
Miranda Hoffner and I are so happy to welcome you to this part of the show.
We are going to see many different artists doing many different things.
The American with Disabilities Act, (the ADA), is very important for the work we do.
The ADA says that disabled people might want to make art.
It says we must have access to everything we need to do art.
That is why there are so many different artists and arts groups here today.
But, the ADA is not enough.
Disability art helps us think about accessibility and imagine how accessibility really works.
This is our future, and our future begins now.
Hi, my name is Miranda Hoffner.
I am the assistant director of accessibility at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
I am so happy to share with you two shows that were made as part of a series called ADA in the Arts.
The first show is from Heidi Latsky Dance Company. Heidi latzky has worked with us at the Lincoln Center for many years.
We think her work is great.
The name of the first show we will see is SOLO FLIGHT ADA 30.
There are 15 artists in this show, disabled and nondisabled, who share with us their experience in isolation.
Enjoy.
The next piece is part of the ADA in the Arts Video Series from Lincoln Center.
This piece was created together with Queens Theater as part of the Queens Theater for All project.
It is a virtual reading of "Death Bites," written by Makena Metz. It was performed, written and directed by a team of disabled artists.
We hope you enjoy it.
Hi, I'm Rebecca Cokely. I am the director of the Disability Justice Initiative.
Jackson is a young poet from Chicago who performs with words..
When you hear his poem, you will understand why he will be famous.
Jackson Santi will perform "Photosynthesis and Other Life Lessons".
Hello, I am Ricky McKinnie from the Blind Boys of Alabama band. We want to tell you that singing brings us close to each other.
Hello, everyone. Welcome to the first Disability Unite Festival. The best example of everything about us with us.
The Disability Unite Festival started as a project of the Disability Community Consortium Project Access for All and the New York Mayor's Office for People With Disabilities. It started to celebrate 30 years of the Americans with Disabilities Act
Project Access for All is made of many different people and many organizations. All these people and organizations came together to make this festival possible..
This is a festival for our community and we are the ones who did it.
Of course, we could not do it without the leadership of Victor Calise New York City's Commissioner.
He has a great team.
They are helping everybody now with coronavius pandemic (when so many people are sick with coronavirus). We had a call with Jonathan Novick every week, we had good communication.
And so we, the disability community, are getting to know each other even better we are working together (as a community).
We can also see how Mayor's Offices for People With Disabilities all over the country are working together. Cities are helping each other in these difficult times.
This is the good thing about this crisis.
We see our community growing and we are working together with disability groups from many states and even from other countries.
Now, it is 30 years for the ADA. It is also 50 years for Disabled in Action (DIA).
It is a big honor to have the president of DIA, Jean Ryan, here with us today to open the festival, to start the first Disability Unite Festival.
"Disabled in Action is a civil rights organization. DIA works very hard to make sure people with disabilities have equal rights. People with any kind of disability.
Jean, would you like to talk to us?
Thank you.
We 50 years we had many meetings, many emails, we had fight in court and on the street. Some of us even sat in jail.
Matt, you talked about the role of Commissioner Calise in our community.
I want to talk about him being on the Metropolitan Transit Authority Board, the MTA that make descisions about transportation.
"Commissioner Calise has the ability to do this very important job and we all support him.
From now on, it is important that we always have a seat the table that people listen to us. And we need to make sure we have good leaders. To make sure they get to important positions.
I am excited about Disability Unite.
For DIA to have the support of thousands of disabled people and non-disabled (friends of disabled people) gives us power.
I agree with you Jean.
Together, we have the power to make the change we need.
Now, we hope everyone has a great time at the Disability Unite Festival. We hope that you will join us in fun, friendship, and doing. Help make our communities a place that has access, and inclusion for all, including people with disabilities.
Hi, my name is Chelsie Hill.
I started the Rollettes Wheelchair Dance Team.
In our dance team, we have wonderful women. We have women with many different disabilities, but we are a lot more than that.
We help women with disabilities be strong and live a full life
We performed in many places such as, Today show, and Good morning America.
If you want to hear more about us you can go online to RolletesDance.com. You can also look on Facebook and Instagram.
We are very happy to be part of the festival.
Please welcome the Rollettes dance team:
Steph Aiello; Samanta Lopez; Conner Lundius; Edna Serrano, Maria Rabaino and me Chelsie Hill. After the song we will perform the dance "We can together”
We all know that equal rights for women is important for everyone, not just for women.
Treating all people the same way is the right thing to do It is important for people and for businesses.
This is true also for people with disabilities. People with disabilities should have access to jobs, it is the right thing to do, and it is also good for the company where they work.
Equality for people with disabilities will come. But we don’t want to wait for so many years like women waited. Women waited many years to have good jobs and get paid the same as man.
We don’t want to wait for all people to be treated equally and be included.
We believe that all people deserve equal rights, including people with disabilities, people of color, and LGBTQ communities.
If we all work together, we will be strong enough to make things change.
Our organization is called The Female Quotient. We help other organizations make changes that are good for them. 
Our job is to make sure people have equal rights. We help organizations make changes, so that they can be sure they give equal rights to everyone.
We teach business leaders how to make these changes. We also published a book called The Modern Guide to Equality, about how to make changes work.
We are looking forward to working with Disability Unite and with the community of people with disabilities.