the sudanese military and janjaweed militia from the abbala tribe are the main forces in the conflict .
jeddah is the main way to get to mecca , the holiest city for muslims that all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their life .
the great dark spot may be a hole in neptune's methane cloud cover .
his next book , saturday , is about a day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , a trickster , pulled a black cord fast to the east , connected to a ball and using all his strength .
he died 6 weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are similar culturally to the people living by the coast in papua new guinea .
the kate greenaway medal winner since 2000 also gets the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are the dancers , who usually carry the sogo drum and have more complex movements .
the spacecraft is made up of the cassini orbiter , named after giovanni cassini , and the huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro mazzola born 8 november 1942 is an italian ex-footballer .
it was thought that the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and earned a ba in anthropology .
but , the bzö is slightly different than the freedom party , as it wants a referendum on the lisbon treaty but not an eu-withdrawal .
a lot of species were gone by the late 1800s because of europeans .
in 1987 , wexler was put in the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
nrc is now a private , independent foundation .
the baltic sea coast has the city of stralsund enclosed in it .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british sport which comes from the same background as many racquet games .
for instance , on king bhumibol's birthday , thailand will be decorated with yellow .
both of these names were removed in 2007 when they were combined into one called the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , like the craftwork from northern new ireland , the haida carvings from british columbia , and max pechstein's woodcuts .
on 14 october 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps at michigan union .
she played for president reagan in the great performances at the white house series in 1988 , which was shown on pbs .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship after a diving elbow drop on eddie guerrero and chyna .
until 1927 she and her husband stayed in the us , then they went back to france .
voyager 2 found despina in late july 1989 .
the first italian grand prix was held in brescia on 4 september 1921 .
he wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns , and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated shape , pointing towards uranus .
the british wanted to take his land so they decided to remove him by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use the regular time .
pieces of colorful and shiny shell have been used for decorations on walls , furniture and boxes .
other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asked ratchet to help him find captain qwark to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not an actual louse .
he believes in using the user-centered design process in product development cycles and also wants interaction design to be more recognized .
it is possible that the editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a scheme against someone far away whom they have never met .
the first working group looks at the science of the climate system and climate change .
the hebridean islands are divided from the mainland of scotland and from the inner hebrides by the sea of the hebrides and the minch and little minch .
orton and his wife had their daughter alanna marie orton on 12 july 2008 .
the minor planet center , part of the iau , controls official minor planet designations .
on september 30 , the wind shear increased and the storm weakened .
each entry has a copy of some data stored in the background .
so , both men and women must follow the rules when at a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a book written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser born 10 july 1988 is a rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
it is like before with four reports , three coming from the working groups .
hélène langevin-joliot and pierre joliot are both scientists , and their grandchildren of marie and pierre curie .
this stamp stayed the same throughout the rest of the reign and many were printed .
the international fight league was a mixed martial arts promotion , labeled as the first worldwide mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that can create giardiasis in the small intestine .
cameron has also acted in christian-themed films such as the left behind movies , in which he stars as cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the vistula river and later called " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he came back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later , was made the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story comes from the bible in matthew and luke .
weelkes was later scolded by the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour .
some of the celebrity episodes are vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in pictures from voyager 1 while it was orbiting jupiter on 5 march 1979 .
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser had a radio show called gomaespuma .
the resistance 's official release date was announced on 16 june 2009 .
he is also in another boyband called 183 club .
hippolytus wrote that early christian feasts included singing hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
as a result , rollo agreed to be loyal to charles , became a christian , and promised to protect the northern part of france from other vikings .
it comes from the voa special english .
disney was given a huge oscar statuette and seven small ones , presented by shirley temple who was 10 years old .
the first asteroid found by a spacecraft was discovered .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
now it is known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
consumers can be confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
the event has been studied for ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal can be calmer and gain weight quickly .
seventh sons have special powers , and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful .
passmark benchmarking showed that the 2009 version installed in 52 seconds and scanned in 32 seconds with 7 mb of memory .
volterra is a city located in tuscany , italy .
until recently , we thought that itching and pain were the same , but now we know that they have some similarities and differences .
the tongue is sticky because of a special mucous that helps it catch ants and termites .
the tram derailed again on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop .
there are statues of former ipswich town and england managers sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson outside the ground .
find the square root of variance .
volunteers brought food , blankets , water , toys , massages , and music performance to the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe region of france .
if there are no laws controlling building , the bypass will end up being as busy as the streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a place to start exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises may hurt but are not usually dangerous .
no one from wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information found in or linked from the pages .
george frideric handel worked for the elector of hanover who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and not good for seeing .
only chitin is as strong as these materials .
oregano is very important in greek food .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster cards .
he made and shared his own works , but his bigger woodcuts were mostly jobs .
the historical method is how historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the weight of the ice on lake vostok is thought to be the reason it has a high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a drug that is used as a medicine .
then it will move back to the bottom of the river to digest and wait for its next meal .
also , studies have found that kids are less likely to report a crime if it is someone they know , trust or care about .
now , floyd 's father is one of his biggest fans and supports him a lot .
when the hurricane was at category 4 , its outer edges became ragged .
the balance price for labor is the wage .
they thought the place was haunted and published a book about it under different names .
he moved to london and mainly taught other people .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee shop , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered area .
in 1438 , trevi became part of the church states , and then in 1860 , it became part of the kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and caused flooding and heavy rains in brazil , before it disappeared the day after .
the nyc housing authority police department was a police force in new york city until 1995 .
the band now has flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a few muslims are more likely to use mosques to encourage people to take part in public life than muslim-majority countries in the middle east .
pete and dud are foul-mouthed versions of their old characters .
johan was a part of the swedish metal band hammerfall , but he left before any studio albums were released .
culver won the iowa secretary of state race in 1998 .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by just two votes .
shade starts the plot of the novel when he goes against the law , which then causes the colony to move and he is forced to be apart from them .
the female is a daughter .
he found out he had cancer in his stomach in april 1999 which couldn't be operated on .
before the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds .
speed chess is the kind of chess played , and each player has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is an area in south america , drained by the amazon river .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the gwangju massacre .
damage extended from the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
computers controlled by hackers are like zombies , because the owner does not know .
a wave from the atlantic became a tropical depression near haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is changed every year .
the four canonical gospels are matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between 65 and 100 .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making .
the top of the shield looks like the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
the clouds on neptune are made of frozen methane , not like earth 's clouds which are made of ice .
they can only take part until they become adults .
the release of stable versions is not frequent , but there are subversion snapshots that can be used .
in 1482 , the order sent him to florence , his destiny .
during the soviet times , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important buildings - st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan .
he passed away on 29 may 1518 in madrid and was buried in san benito d ' alcantara church .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment of 1953 .
cogeneration or chp is when a power station is used to make electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den , but why is a mystery .
you can easily enable a wikipedia gadget by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you join us .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she stayed behind when the rest of the nicoleños moved to the mainland and the reasons for this vary .
james i chose him to be a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he worked as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and didn't want to accept it .
afterwards , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture developed around it as objectives in themselves , even if the language is never used by the united nations or other global organizations .
dry air weakened the storm on september 12 .
calvin baker is a writer from the usa .
eva braun , also known as eva hitler , was adolf hitler's wife and companion until her death in 1945 .
each license has a different version number .
users do not need to make an account on irc servers but they have to choose a nickname before connecting .
that year he got a certification for being a plane mechanic , being the youngest in new york .
summerslam 2009 will be a wrestling event on august 23 at staples center , los angeles .
usually with no hair , long whiskers , and said to be a form of the south star , he is seen as a figure .
a few animals are able to change color in different environments like seasonally or very quickly with chromatophores .
val venis kept the intercontinental championship by winning a steel cage match against rikishi , thanks to help from tazz .
this is similar to the unix philosophy which states that multiple programs should each do one thing well and work together through universal interfaces .
he had musical parents ; his mother was a singer and his father was a director of a band at yale .
mennonites are found in many countries around the world , with the largest populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states .
naas is a suburb close to dublin where many people live and work .
acanthopholis had oval plates , with spikes on the neck , shoulder and spine area , to protect itself .
irmo was created in response to the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad in 1890 .
but , the house of lords initiates bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills .
before vlad was released in 1474 , he lived in budapest with his wife , while planning his return to wallachia .
you can add up to 5 words at the start and 25 words at the end of the cover text list in the modified version .
his remains are buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
the flexible tissue inside bones is called bone marrow .
reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more than red light , which is the same reason why we have blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a town in vaucluse , france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur area .
macgruber begins to try and make something to stop the bomb , but he is then distracted by something to do with his life and the time runs out .
messiaen had almost finished the last movement when he died , and yvonne loriod asked george benjamin for help with the orchestration .
shia muslims think that karbala is one of the holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded that the thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat governments resign , who were claimed to be controlled by thaksin .
but travelling in remote areas on isolated tracks needs prior planning and a good vehicle , usually four wheel drive .
while he was at kahn , he made the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with dr. schön .
britpop was a type of music that came from british indie music in the 1990s and was made up of bands that copied british pop music from the 60s and 70s .
these soldiers were moved to xi international brigade battalions .
fewer people use the sheppard line than the other two subway lines , and these trains are smaller .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe and 11th in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was recognized as one of the " righteous among the nations " by israel .
some articles are long and informative while others are shorter and less detailed .
there are 95 species accepted now .
eugowra is named after an aboriginal word which means " the place where sand goes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " and " movie " are common in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government to give resources that are best for the people .
after that , he wrote some more music that was about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
but , she got paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in a form of film called kinesthetic film principles .
mk sun grew up to be a lawyer , inspired by brandon waise lee .
notes references mullamuddy is a historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson joined the army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe , and china were digging near the peel river and up the mountains .
before the pocket calculator , the slide rule was the main tool used in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , more battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is 0.36 inches thick .
yoghurt is a product made from milk with bacteria .
more defencemen are in the hall of fame than any other position , but only 35 goaltenders have gone in .
other ways of thinking about this topic have been suggested , but not accepted by christian groups .
many record stores refused to sell the album .
the legs are wider at the top and narrowe near the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman removed howard stern from four citadel radio stations because of his talks about going to sirius satellite radio .
wendy's opened twice as many canadian stores than mcdonald's in 2005 and had more system-wide sales than mcdonald's in canada in 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the rule " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only woman allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky thought about writing the ballet in 1913 .
all protests were stopped .
offenbach 's operettas were very well-known and liked in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
tiles with the symbol of the tang dynasty were discovered near the old city of xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux born 13 february 1921 was a french musician , composer and teacher .
it was hard to control the instrument .
santa maria maggiore , the oldest church still in existence in assisi , is dedicated to st. mary the greater .
radar observations show that the object is mostly made of iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a business magazine that talks about railway , metro , light rail and trams around the world .
in 1988 , he was given the ch title .
loèche is the home of the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering , onyx .
a matchbook is a small folder with matches inside and a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to discourage cigarette smoking around children and drug use during pregnancy .
she defiantly promised to never leave the commune , and dared the judges to kill her .
graystripe has a three volume manga series starting in dawn and ending in the sight .
syrians did not live in cities ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers interacted with americans regularly .
he was also known for his designs , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
when she was young , she had collapsed lungs , pneumonia , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of australian national university claims that the need for nests shows that logging is not good for saving hollow-dependent animals like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a canadian hockey team from montreal .
inductors which have low values can be made on ic chips with the same way as for making transistors .
the name gribble was first given to a wood-borer species from norway in 1799 .
wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county was run from duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition .
the commander could call all military places on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
but , even if someone enters a mosque and does not plan to pray , there are still rules that must be followed .
it is said to have a pointed face , and be as big as a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work it can do , compared to the time and resources used .
the volga has some of the world's biggest reservoirs .
the crosier stands for the monasteries in the area .
people's skin colors can range from dark to very light .
bankers from shorebank and the ford foundation helped yunus make the bank official .
bremer reported to try saddam , but without any clear details .
the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season finishes .
afghanistan has tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , iran , pakistan and china as its neighbors .
nupedia was created on 9 march 2000 owned by bomis , inc .
the design has some important aspects such as s-boxes that rely on the key and a very complex key schedule .
iain grieve born 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana is playing rugby for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
two other places near here are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964 , murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model .
in 1938 and 1939 , a fourth ring was added to the column with gold garlands when it was moved to its current place .
west berlin had its own postal system that issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli made around 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the most common polymer used is epoxy , but there are others like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon .
the name lives on as a brand for a digital television channel , radio station , and website that still exist even though the magazine is gone .
when he was four-and-a-half , he had to live on his own in the north of italy for the next four years , and stayed in orphanages and moved around with other homeless kids .
later , the ground was made better by adding stands behind each goal in the 80s and 90s .
a town may be called a market town or having market rights even if it no longer has a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the east side .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad and dies .
it has been theorized that the nkvd killed tresca as revenge for his criticism of stalin's regime .
this caused both montenegro and serbia to be separate countries .
only use html and css markup when it is needed .
schuschnigg said the reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in london , england .
the term constituent can also mean someone who lives in the area of a politician and who voted for them .
prunk is a researcher of institute of european history and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies .
stallone had a small role in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 .
the crew created a trailer and arm that attached to the " hovercraft " and recorded the scene while going up templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book entitled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al the following year .
wario land is a platform video game series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piano solo song .
these attacks may not have been physical but mental .
a historian stated that quinine allowed settlers to go to the gold coast and other places in west africa .
too , spectroscopic studies have shown that there is water and minerals on the surface , suggesting it is a stony surface .
she was the editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon and has craters , no moons and no atmosphere .
the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas is a great home for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turks and afghans before the mughals got there in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office while they still have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important as it shows harry's bravery , and by bringing back cedric 's body , he displays selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , raspe , meins , and him were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they both created new music manchester , a company that is focused on modern music .
hurricane caused a lot of damage in the florida keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet occurred .
now , it is the location of meher baba's tomb and a place for visitors to stay .
the main church's dome has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
there are forty-nine kinds of pipefish and nine kinds of seahorse .
saint martin is an island in the caribbean that is 186 miles away from puerto rico .
because of this , if these pdfs have images they can not be shared without any changes .
ben was taken into custody in april 1862 by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in parts of britain on 5 october leading to some flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb which can store data and settings .
the seats were given to each party based on their strength in the assembly , free democratic party  fdp  : 2 , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 , social democratic party  sp  : 2 , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 .
a fee is the amount paid for services , like when paying a doctor , lawyer , or consultant .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway power , but scotland defeated the norse soldiers and made a good agreement .
the album had " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " as its singles .
in april 2000 , minix became free and open source , but its capabilities had been surpassed by other operating systems and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the color of the body varies from brown to gold to white and sometimes has spots , especially on the arms and legs .
the britannica was created by scots , as shown by its thistle logo .
the warning was extended southwards and cancelled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that us marine pilots and their commanders used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards at the start of the fighting .
these later gave people the kind of data that intertitles do now , helping historians understand what the film was like .
the reason is that the third world's underground economies have no assets to use as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth .
he tried to escape sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the camp and told the police to give up .
the press did not think that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was good enough for veeck 's standards before the second game started .
joss whedon said in a video that " fray will come back ".
mutants are a type of fictional character from marvel comics .
the sat test is a test to get into college in the usa .
civil unrest in northern italy created the geisslerlieder , which are medieval musical songs sung by flagellants .
reports suggest that there are more chances of paralysis and hallucinations due to various factors .
he was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh said that charles was looking for love when he first saw sebastian , and that it felt like he had found a secret garden , which has many meanings in the book .
her close relationship with grigori rasputin was also a major part of her life .
the term dorsal is used to describe something that is located on the back or top of an animal .
berzelius gave the name " protein " to a kind of large molecule that mulder discovered all proteins were made of .
for 16 months after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in france in the calvados department .
the color is between orange and pale yellow .
in 1963 , the line was expanded north from union station and ended near bloor street and st. george .
before 1980 , a part of the central australian railway of the commonwealth went through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old trail that once went to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica 's largest area , the landscape ranging from mountains to semi-arid plains , is in northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their website , and they also mentioned it on their blog , with an explanation for its early release .
you can register a pedigree with the college , but it must be approved first .
the book political economy was printed in 1985 but not used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 , playing shows in moscow , leningrad , china and india .
in the napoleonic wars , general mack surrendered his army to napoleon at ulm , taking 30,000 prisoners from the austrian army .
the city of kano has been a center of economics and groundnut production in northern nigeria .
most south indians speak kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora won many awards for the band .
after a small pause , the wwf cavalry then attacked kane and jericho .
richard and robert sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century , slavs came to the area .
between 1900 and 1920 , many new buildings were built on the campus , including for dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , natural sciences , hill auditorium , hospital and library , and two dorms .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
arzashkun seems to be the assyrian version of an armenian name that ends in -ka , formed from the name arzash , which reminds of the name arsene , arsissa , which the ancient people used to call part of lake van .
from 16,421 participants , she was chosen as one of the 15 to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on abc from 1993 to 2005 .
the other device can be built to be used in less strict environments .
gimnasia had francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni as trainers , but neither was successful .
brighton is located in washington county in iowa .
she also was in some music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on 24 june 1979 , glinde was given its town charter on its 750th anniversary .
pauline was back in 1994 for the game boy remake of donkey kong and in 2006 for mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis , now she is called " mario 's friend " .
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth .
it is thought his date of birth was somewhere between 1935 and 1939 , but it has never been recorded .
this measurement shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to stop a biological process or part of it by half .
the bernese alps are found in the cantons of bern , valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
while in ireland , he had a daughter named mary ann fisher power with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , but few people remember him now .
the string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string can make different notes , and each way looks like a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an oscar when he did the part of fletcher christian in the movie mutiny on the bounty in 1935 .
