the sudanese military and janjaweed , which is mainly made up of the abbala tribes from the northern rizeigat region in sudan , are on one side of the war .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , the holiest place for muslims - who must visit it at least once in their life .
the big dark spot is believed to be a gap in the methane cloud layer of neptune .
his next book , saturday , talks about a busy day in the life of a successful brain surgeon .
the tarantula made a black cord and tied it to the ball , then quickly went east and pulled hard on the cord .
six weeks later he died on the 13th of january 888 .
they are related to the people living in papua new guinea's coastal areas .
since 2000 , the person who has won the kate greenaway medal also got the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers come the dancers , who usually play the sogo  a tiny drum that produces little sound  and usually have more exciting choreography .
the spacecraft has two parts , the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro "sandro" mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and he is an italian former football player .
people thought that the material thrown out filled in the little craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and got his ba in anthropology .
but , the bzö is a bit different than the freedom party , as they support a referendum on the lisbon treaty but not leaving the eu .
a lot of species were gone by the end of the 19th century because of european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was added to the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
getting in to tsinghua is very hard .
nrc is now organised as an independent private foundation .
the baltic sea is at the coast of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him 1982 " sportsman of the year ".
fives is a british sport that probably comes from the same place as other racquet sports .
on king bhumibol's birthday, thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
both names stopped existing in 2007 when they were joined together to form the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from canada's british columbia and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps while standing on the steps of michigan union .
she played for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which was televised on PBS .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10, with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in america until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
voyager 2 found despina in july 1989 .
the first italian grand prix race was on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other unusual stories and seven odd and spooky tales .
voyager 2 showed ophelia as an elongated object , with its long side pointing to uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
in the south-east corner of western australia , some towns on the eyre highway do not use the official western australian time .
architects have used small pieces of shell to make mosaics and inlays to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills are the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula .
out of fear that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the well-known superhero captain qwark to stop drek .
it is not a real louse .
he wants to use a user-centered design process in product development and also wants to make interaction design a normal subject .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a plan against somebody on the other side of the world who they have never met before .
group i looks at the scientific parts of the climate system and climate change .
the islands are part of the hebrides , and are divided from the inner hebrides and scottish mainland by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter, alanna marie, on july 12, 2008.
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , oversees the official names and numbers of minor planets .
on september 30 , the wind shear increased , making the storm weaker .
each entry has a datum which is a duplicate of the data in the storage .
therefore , men and women must follow these rules when going to a mosque , even if the mosque doesn't enforce them .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques , written in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born on 10 july 1988  is a rugby union player that plays for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like the other assessment reports , there is four reports , three from the working groups .
their grandkids hélène langevin-joliot is a nuclear physicist at the university of paris and pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
this stamp was used for the rest of queen victoria's rule , and many were made .
the international fight league was a american mma organization known as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a parasitic organism that lives in the small intestine and can cause giardiasis .
cameron has often worked in christian-related movies , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he does the character cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the vistula river and was often called " prussia proper " .
after graduating , he came back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and he was made director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story is based on the bible stories told in matthew and luke .
weelkes was later punished by the chichester cathedral authorities because of his drinking and bad behaviour .
so far famous people have been on the ' celebrity ' episodes , such as vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in pictures from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 when it was orbiting jupiter .
gomaespuma was a show on the radio in spain , and was presented by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the resistance was released , as said on the band's website.
he is also in a group called 183 club .
hippolytus said that people sang hallel psalms with the phrase "alleluia" as the chorus during early christian meals .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , changed to christianity and promised to protect northern france from viking attacks .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a real oscar statuette and seven small ones from 10-year-old shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the swiss canton of graubünden .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
many reports have been written about the ethics of this event .
they are made unable to reproduce so that the animal may be more calm or can gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special powers and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful .
passmark software 's benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and used 7 mb of memory .
volterra is a town in tuscany , italy .
until recently , it was not known that itch and pain had similar features but also had differences .
the tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-filled mucous , which helps the tongue move in and out of the snout and catch ants and termites .
the exact same tram had derailed at starr gate loop on 30 may 2006 during tests .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson outside the stadium .
take the square root of the variance to get the standard deviation .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys for kids , massages , and a live rock band for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in northwestern france .
if there are no land use laws , buildings will be built on the bypass and it will become as busy as the roads that it was meant to by-pass .
it is an area for people to explore cooktown , cape york , and the atherton tableland .
bruises hurt but are usually not dangerous .
nobody involved with wikipedia is responsible for your using of the info on the webpages .
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
they have small eyes and bad vision .
only chitin is tougher than them as biological materials .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and using an oyster card .
his smaller woodcuts he made and printed himself , but his bigger ones were mostly orders .
historians use the historical method to find and write about history using primary sources and other evidence.
the heavy weight of the ice on top of lake vostok is thought to be the cause of the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , also known as alliteracy , is the state of being able to read but not wanting to .
mifepristone is a drug made from synthetic steroids .
after eating , it will sink back to the river bed to digest and wait for its next meal .
research shows that children are less likely to tell about a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust , and / or like .
now , landis's father is now a big fan and supporter of his son floyd .
once it became a category 4 storm , the outside of the hurricane became messy .
the balance price for a certain labor is the wage .
they believed that the place was haunted , so they made a book called ' an adventure ' and wrote it under fake names , elizabeth morison and frances lamont , in 1911 .
he lived in london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has several fast food places , a cafeteria , coffee shop , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 soldiers to guard the conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia and since then it has been ruled by the states of the church and in 1860 it became part of the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved over land on the 20th and then disappeared over brazil on the 21st , bringing large amounts of rain and flooding .
the nycha police was a police department in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band consists of flynn , duce , phil demmel , and dave mcclain .
countries with a small muslim population are more likely to use mosques to help with civic participation than countries with a higher population of muslims in the middle east .
the characters are bad-mouthing versions of pete and dud .
johan was the first bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before any studio album was released .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy two votes ahead of ray bourque because of one first-place vote .
shade breaks the law and starts a series of events that ruins his colony's home and makes them move away, separating him from them.
the girl is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was told he had cancer in his stomach that could not be operated on .
before the storm came , the national park service closed all campgrounds and visitor centers near the outer banks .
the type of chess played is fast chess , each player having twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america that is drained by the amazon river .
the two former presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
the damage was serious along the atlantic coast and even as far inland as west virginia .
these computers are like zombies because the owner does not know about them .
the wave flew across the atlantic and became a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is changed each year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 1800s, eschelbronn is known for its furniture industry .
the top half of it looks like the old oberbarnim district's coat of arms .
but , the clouds on neptune are made of frozen methane , not ice like on earth .
they can only have a small amount of involvement until they turn 18 .
there are not many final releases , but there are usually subversion snapshots that are secure enough to use .
in the end , in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
during the soviet times , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main attractions - st alexander nevsky cathedral ( 1908 ) and st george cathedral in nakhichevan ( 1783-1807 ).
on may 29 , 1518 he died in madrid , spain and was buried in the san benito d ' alcantara church .
the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in 1953 .
cogeneration is when a heat engine is used to make both electricity and heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will also let another male into the den , but why is not known .
you can activate a wikipedia gadget by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you join in .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , but she was left behind for unknown reasons .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist since 1615 until he died .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and first said he might not take it .
later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that came with it as important even if esperanto is never chosen by the un or other international groups .
dry air coming from the south of the cyclone destroyed most of the deep convection by september 12th .
calvin baker is a novelist from america .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , was the long time girlfriend and wife of adolf hitler from 6 february 1912 to 30 april 1945 .
each version of the license has its own number .
most irc servers don't need a user to sign up but they will have to put a nickname before they can connect .
in that year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certified plane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a pro-wrestling event that will be held on august 23 , 2009 by the wwe at staples center in los angeles , california .
the character is often shown as being bald , with long whiskers , and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in different environments , like the ermine and snowshoe hare , and some can do it quickly with special cells in their skin , like cephalopods .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
it is similar to the unix idea of many programs doing one thing well and communicating via universal connections .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother was a singer and admin assistant , and his dad was a band director at yale .
most mennonites live in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are mennonite communities in at least 51 countries around the world .
naas is a major town near dublin , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates of armour with spikes on the neck and shoulders .
irmo was created in 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills suggested by the law commission and bills for combining laws start in the house of lords .
before his release in 1474 , vlad and his wife stayed in a house in the hungarian capital while getting ready to take back wallachia .
you can add a short phrase of up to 5 words to the front cover and a phrase of up to 25 words to the back cover of the edited version .
he is buried in restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is inside bones .
reflection nebulae are typically blue since the scattering of blue light is better than red light , which is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a town in the vaucluse province in southern france .
macgruber tries to make something to stop the bomb from exploding , but he gets sidetracked by something about his personal life and runs out of time .
yvonne loriod completed the last movement , with the help of george benjamin , after messiaen had passed away .
shi ' a muslims look at karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the removal of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , which the pad said were only following thaksin's orders .
but , to go in remoter areas on isolated roads , needs to plan before and a good , dependable car like a 4 wheel drive .
kahn had him design the fisher building in 1928 .
he says he needs to go to a rehearsal , then he and dr. schön leave .
britpop started in the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and the bands were inspired by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
these battalions were made for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has less people than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains .
it holds up to 98,772 people , which makes it the biggest stadium in europe and the 11th biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was given a title of 'righteous among the nations' by israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and not as good .
around 95 species are accepted .
eugowra is named after an aboriginal word which means " the place where the sand slides down the hill " .
" undies " and " movie " are words used in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government to give resources to help the society .
he wrote other pieces about hiawatha such as : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
although this happened , farrenc was paid less than male workers for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made in the kinesthetic film principles style that vorkapich taught .
mk sun grew up to be a lawyer because of his admiration of brandon waise lee .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a town near cowra in new south wales , australia .
donaldson joined the australian army on the 18th of june 2002 .
people from california , europe and china were looking for gold along the peel river and up the mountain sides .
before pocket calculators came out , it was the most common tool used for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a voice reading option , and thinner 0.36 inches .
yoghurt is a product made from fermented milk .
75 defense players are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , but only 35 goalies have been chosen .
other opinions of the topic have been mentioned over the years , but all were refused by christian groups .
the album was banned in many stores .
the legs are wide at the top and thin near the ankles .
in 2004 , suleman stopped howard stern 's radio show from playing on four citadel stations because of stern 's conversations about his plans to move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened more canadian restaurants than mcdonald's and had more system-wide sales than mcdonald's canadian operations in 2002 .
the movie's story is about captain caleb holt ( kirk cameron ) who is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the most important fireman rule : " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on march 2nd 2008 with 71.25% of the votes .
the plant is an ancient species .
in 1990 , she was the only woman approved to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky thought of creating the ballet .
the protests were stopped .
many of offenbach's operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were famous in both france and english-speaking countries during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  was a french musician , composer , and teacher who lived from 1921 - 1968 .
many say the instrument was hard to manage .
the oldest church still standing in assisi is santa maria maggiore .
radar readings show that it is made of mostly iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a business magazine about trains , subways , light rails , and trams around the world .
he got the honor of being a companion of honor in 1988 .
loèche has the onyx system , a swiss electronic intelligence collection system .
a matchbook is a small box that holds matches and has a rough surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to people smoking cigarettes near children and drug use during pregnancy .
she said she would never give up the commune and dared the judges to execute her .
there is an oel manga trilogy about graystripe between dawn and the sight .
syrians did not stay together in cities ; some of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to talk with americans each day .
he was known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal furniture for gardens .
when she was young she had collapsed lungs 2 times , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , her appendix burst , and she had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from the australian national university claims that the requirement for nest boxes shows that logging activities are not able to be done in an environmentally-friendly way for species like leadbeater's possum who need hollows.
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team from montreal , canada .
inductors that have a small value can be constructed on integrated circuits with the same processes as making transistors .
the word 'gribble' was first used to describe the wood-boring species limnoria lignorum from norway in 1799 .
wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county's government was held in duns or lauder until greenlaw was the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done the quadruple axel in a competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all the military sites on the harbour .
but , even those who go in the prayer hall of a mosque without the plan to pray have to obey the rules .
it has a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the work done by a computer compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are near the volga .
the crosier shows the monasteries in the area .
human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink .
shorebank , a chicago community development bank , helped yunus with the creation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be on trial , but he didn't know how it would happen .
at the end of the hockey season , the hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team.
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are around afghanistan on the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia started on march 9 , 2000 , which was owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
important parts of the design include key-based s-boxes and a complicated key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , and he is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the towns of pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are near by .
in 1964 , murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved and it is decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin had its own postal system and it made its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli from 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
the most common polymer used is usually epoxy , but other polymers like polyester , vinyl ester , and nylon can also be used .
now the name is still used as a brand for a digital tv channel , a digital radio station , and a website , even after the magazine stopped being printed .
when he was 4 and a half years old he was by himself on the streets of northern italy for the next 4 years , living in different orphanages and walking around towns with some other homeless children .
stands were built behind the goals in the 1980's and 1990's as the ground was modernized .
a town can be described as a market town even if it no longer has a market , as long as the right to do so remains .
a fortification was built later on the east side .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson fought against his own vassals and was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway .
some say that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticizing the stalin government in the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent nations .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a place in croydon , england .
in some cases , a constituent is a person living in an area that a politician represents or serves , usually a citizen who voted for the politician.
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior member of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a small part in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
so , the team made a trailer with a arm on the side of the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while going up templin highway near santa clarita .
the papers from the conference were printed in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps and others .
wario land is a platform video game series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for piano .
these attacks may have been mental and not physical .
a historian said that quinine helped colonists to go to the gold coast , nigeria , and other parts of west africa .
additionally , studies using spectroscopy have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , showing that the surface is mostly made of stone .
she was the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it has many craters , no moons and no air .
the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are great homes for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan rulers from the delhi sultanate before the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister will stay in power only if they have the support of the lower house .
rowling believes this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery , and it shows how he is kind and caring by bringing back cedric's body .
he and two other members of the raf were caught on june 1 , 1972 after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they made new music manchester , a group that is dedicated to modern music .
the strong and small hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , as the high water was around 18 to 20 feet in the area .
now it is the place of meher baba's tomb-shrine and also has places for pilgrims to stay .
the dome of the main church has been repaired completely .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
49 types of pipefish and 9 types of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is a caribbean island located 186 miles east of puerto rico .
hence , these pdfs cannot be shared without more editing if they contain pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by inspector sir frederick pottinger for doing an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained a lot in parts of britain on october 5 , and it caused flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer that can create a live usb which allows the user to save their configuration and data .
the seats were distributed so that the parties got seats in relation to their power in the federal assembly with 2 for the free democratic party , 2 for the christian democratic people's party , 2 for the social democratic party , and 1 for the swiss people's party .
a fee is a payment for services , like the money given to a doctor , lawyer , or consultant .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
additionally , iceland and greenland both agreed to obey norway , but scotland defended itself against the norse and created a good peace agreement .
singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
minix became a free and open source in april 2000 , but other systems had gotten more advanced and it stayed mainly for students and hobbyists .
the body is usually brown , gold , white , or beige and may have dark spots on the limbs .
the britannica was a scottish business , shown by its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the warning for september 22 was extended southward when jose grew stronger , and then cancelled after it made landfall on september 23 .
the san diego union tribune claimed in august 2003 that us marine pilots and commanders said they used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of the war .
later on , the audience would be informed with the same type of information that intertitles provide today , and it helps historians to imagine what the movie could have been like .
that is because properties , businesses and other things in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as guarantee to borrow money to pay for industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender .
before the second game began , the press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not as good as veeck's usual promotions .
in a video promoting charity organisation equality now joss whedon said that " fray will come back .
a mutant is a person in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test used to be called the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test and is a test for college admission in the us .
the violence in northern italy created the medieval music called geisslerlieder , which are songs sung by groups of people that would beat themselves as punishment .
reports say that some things can make it more likely for someone to get paralyzed and to have visions .
he was given seven years of transportation to australia as a punishment .
waugh says that charles was looking for love when he met sebastian , and he found an " enclosed and enchanted garden " that he could enter through a " low door in the wall " , a metaphor that is expressed throughout the work.
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was a major part of her life .
the word dorsal means parts of an animal that are situated or grow on the back side .
berzelius named " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same composition and could be made from a single, very large molecule .
the gang stayed hidden for 16 months after the jerilderie raid to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in france .
the color is from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the subway line that went from union station to near bloor street and st. george street .
before 1980 , the commonwealth railways had a train line on the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old path that went through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica is the biggest sub-region and it goes from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-dry plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic on google books and their website and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , which needs official proofs before being changed .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classes .
in 1990 and 1994 , he toured with the ipo to the soviet union , china , and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack and his army surrendered to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties .
it has been a business center in northern nigeria for a long time , and a place to make and send out groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora got the band many awards and honors .
after a short pause , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote the most of the songs .
in the 5th century , slavs began to move into the region .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were made on campus , including ones for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , a giant hospital and library , and two dormitories .
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
the assyrian name arzashkun is believed to be the armenian version of a name ending in -ka which is related to the name arsene , arsissa , which was given to a part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people in the casting , she was 1 of the 15 chosen to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can be used in easier environments .
gimnasia brought in two well-known colombian coaches , francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but they did not have much success .
brighton is a city in iowa , usa .
additionally , she was in some music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde became a town in celebration of the village's 750th anniversary .
pauline has appeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but is now described as a " friend of mario's ".
the vagina can stretch to a large size during childbirth .
it is thought that his actual birthday is between 1935 and 1939 , but it was never recorded .
this measure shows how much of a drug or substance is needed to stop a biological process or part of the process, like an enzyme, cell, receptor, or microorganism, by half.
even though the name says they are in the bernese oberland region of bern , some parts of the bernese alps are in the other cantons near bern .
he had a daughter called mary ann fisher power with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists and was sad that people didn't know or remember him .
the string can vibrate in many ways like a guitar string which can produce different notes and each of these modes will be displayed as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was nominated for an oscar for his role as fletcher christian in the movie mutiny on the bounty in 1935 .
