One side of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group that is mostly composed of the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca. Muslims are required to visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck.
his next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are related to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award, which is worth £5000.
The drummers and dancers are following the drummers. They often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and tend to have more elaborate and even acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a Bachelor of Anthropology in 1943.
However, the BZö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century as European settlement took hold.
in 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
NRC is an independent, private foundation today.
it is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
Fives is a British sport that is believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, on his birthday, there will be a lot of yellow decorations.
both the names of the museums became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Notwithstanding, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from Northern Ireland, carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
she performed for president Reagan in 1988. The series aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero with Chyna in an 8:10 match. Saturn then pinned Guerrero with a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
the first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories: Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Ophelia is an elongated object in the Voyager 2 images of the sun. The major axis of Ophelia points towards the planet Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that the evil substance drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
it is possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i is focused on assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain is part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations that are overseen by the minor planet center.
On September 30, wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques won't enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel written by Brian Jacques and published in 1991.
ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like the previous assessment reports, it has four reports: three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a Professor of Nuclear Physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted Biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River. Later it was sometimes called "Prussia proper."
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and the gospel of Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
so far, the "celebrity" episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore allegiance to Charles in return for his help. Rollo then converted to Christianity and worked to protect the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
voa is derived from the voice of america.
Walt Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones. Shirley Temple presented them to him.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it starts as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes consumer confusion when 220 gigabytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
the incident is the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated so that the animal may be more tractable or may put on weight more quickly.
seventh sons have special "knacks" that give them magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and very powerful.
benchmarking by passmark software found the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is an Italian town.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous. This both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
the same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. The bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people who want to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they are not normally dangerous.
none of the people who wrote, contributed, sponsored, administered, vandalized, or were connected with Wikipedia in any way can be blamed for what you do with the information on these pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor.
Chitin is rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by they.
oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
tickets for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card can all be sold.
He produced and published these works himself, while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is a set of techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read, but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed so it can digest its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, or care about.
Today, Floyd Landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after reaching category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that is necessary to hire that amount of labor.
They were convinced that the grounds were haunted and so they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and became a teacher. He devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil. It caused heavy rains and flooding.
the New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn (vocals), guitar (duce bass), phil demmel (guitar), dave mcclain (drums).
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
the characters are similar to their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the bassist for the Swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes - the difference being a single first-place vote.
Shade starts the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defies that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played. Each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the Amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Significant damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John. They probably were written between AD 65-100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the shield also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane. Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
Their participation is limited until they reach the age of legal adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order finally dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
in the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953.
cogeneration is the simultaneous use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male " den master " will also let a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
There are some useful links below.
He served as the Prime Minister of Egypt twice: first from 1945 to 1946 and then again from 1946 to 1948.
Nicole was left behind. People have various explanations for this.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves--even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
When the dry air wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone, it eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, who died on February 6, 1912, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a different version number.
most irc servers do not require you to register an account, but you have to set a nickname before you're connected.
In that same year he also got a mechanics certificate, making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually bald and has long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, which means they change color in changing environments, either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument. The cephalopod family is one of these few animals.
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match. The match took place at 14:10. Venis then pinned rikishi with a television camera.
this is a close resemblance to the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family. His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Menonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Menonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major town in Dublin. Many people live there and work in Dublin.
acanthopholis had armor consisting of oval plates that were set nearly horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin imo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final release, Vlad Tepes resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital. In 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones.
reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France. It is in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to defuse the bomb, but is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites, who are Muslims, consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat. The pad accused them of being proxies for Thaksin.
However, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, usually requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle--usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves for rehearsal.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was merged into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 making it the largest in europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite long and full of content while others are shorter and may be less quality.
95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the Australian word for " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like "underwear" and "movie" are often heard in English.
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
Aracaju is the capital of the state of Pará.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a kinesthetic film style that was taught by Vorkapich called "gumbasia principles".
Brandon Waise Lee became the lawyer Brandon Waise. MK Sun became a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five players are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position. 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
There are alternative views on the subject, but all of them have been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top. They get narrower as they go down.
In 2004, Suleman dropped Howard Stern's show from four Citadel stations. Stern was talking about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio a lot.
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's "Wendy's Confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March" Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and the other plot captains are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They all keep the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "never leave your partner behind".
he was elected president on March 2, 2008, with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
The protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xian) and this symbol.
Jeanne-Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968. She was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
according to most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest extant church in Assisi. St. Mary the Greater is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate that the iron-nickel composition is fairly pure.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder that contains a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
She definitely vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in the dawn until he returned to Thunderclan in the sight .
Syrians didn't live in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
David Lindenmeyer, an Australian National University professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team. They are based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
When someone is hurt with a club, it is usually called blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet done a quadruple axel in competition.
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Whether or not someone enters a mosque with the intention of praying is up to the individual, but there are still rules that apply.
it is small, pointed, and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done by a computer system in comparison to how long and resources it took.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
The crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region.
human skin can have a range of hues from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer was going to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial hadn't been determined yet.
The representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China all border each other.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a highly complex key schedule and key-dependent s-boxes.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
the quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring is decorated with gold garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
New South Wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name of the magazine has survived as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
After four-and-a-half years of being abandoned on the streets of northern Italy, he was left to fend for himself. He lived in various orphanages and roved through towns with groups of other homeless children for the next four years.
stands were eventually added to the back of each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion on the eastern side was built later.
events in Europe on July 29 — Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of Stiklestad and was killed.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD (Soviet Union's secret police) as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
use html and css markup sparingly if it is necessary, and only if there is a good reason for it.
Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is in the London Borough of Croydon. It is a suburb.
In some contexts, constituent can mean a citizen who resides in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician. This is usually only for citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
It was also a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book called "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory" by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3. It is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks might have been psychological in origin.
a historian has said that " Quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa"
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a rather stony surface composition.
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are good for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister can only stay in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery. By retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together they formed Manchester Music, which is committed to contemporary music.
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine. It also has facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its entirety.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts. It is in the United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean. It is about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
because these PDFs contain images, they cannot be distributed without further manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
In approximate relation to their respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: the free Democratic Party, FDP: 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party, CVP: 2 members, the Social Democratic Party, SP: 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party, SVP: 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services. This can be anything from a doctor's honorarium to a lawyer's fee.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments, Norway gained control of Iceland and Greenland, but Scotland was able to resist an invading Norse force and negotiate a favorable peace treaty.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body of the snake is a medium brown color with a few gold-ish spots and occasional dark brown spots on its limbs.
the britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo. The floral emblem of Scotland is thistle.
The warning issued on September 22nd covered an area that was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23rd.
in August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles that laterprovided audiences with the sort of information later provided by, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital.
he ran away from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
before the second game started, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance hadn't been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been " searching for love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are on the side of the animal that is closest to the ground.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang went into hiding for 16 months, evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region of northwestern France.
color can range from orange to pale yellow.
an extension was added in 1963, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
it is located on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in Central America. It encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site early. They mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone with a pedigree can register with the college. They are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but it had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with theIPO in the spring of 1990 and 1994. He also toured with them in the Soviet Union in the spring of 1990.
The Napoleonic wars were a series of wars fought by Napoleon Bonaparte of France from 1798 to 1815. In the Austrian campaign of 1809, General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time, and it is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages. These are: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the fifth century Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois, in the United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka, which recalls the Armenian name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
she was chosen out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Sweden, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline made a return in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later made a return in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. However, the character is now described as "Mario's friend".
the vagina is very elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
The quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process by half.
although the name suggests that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. Lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes, just like a guitar string can, and every mode will be represented by a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also got an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
