The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group made up mostly of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the Northern Rizeigat region of Sudan, make up one side of the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows one day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and crawled quickly to the east while pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The people of West Papua have a similar culture to those living on the coast of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal receives the Colin Mears Award of £5000.
After the drummers are dancers. They often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and usually have more complex and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe. The Orbiter was named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the Probe was named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
People thought the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
The BZO is different from the Freedom Party in that it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes withdrawing from the EU.
European settlement caused many species to vanish by the end of the nineteenth century.
In 1987, Wexler was put in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder when pure.
It is very hard to get into Tsinghua.
Today, NRC is a private, independent foundation.
it is located by the Baltic Sea and surrounds the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him "sportsman of the year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
The national museum of Scotland was created in 2007 from the merging of both names.
Tagore copied many styles, like craftwork from New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the Peace Corps at the Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which was aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband stayed in the United States until 1927, then returned to France.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not use the official Western Australia time, from the South Australian border to near Caiguna.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to make mosaics and inlays which decorate walls, furniture, and boxes in architecture.
Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills are the other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Clank is afraid that drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark, a famous superhero, to stop drek.
It is not really a louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone in another part of the world that they have never met.
Working Group I evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides islands are separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the International Astronomical Union, assigns numbers and names to minor planets.
Wind shear increased rapidly on September 30 and the storm began to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the data from a backing store.
Therefore, when attending a mosque, both men and women must respect the guidelines, even though some mosques may not enforce them.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like the assessment reports before it, this one has four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot, their granddaughter, is a professor of Nuclear Physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a famous Biochemist.
This stamp was used for the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was a US MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine, leading to giardiasis.
Cameron has also often taken part in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was sometimes known as "Prussia Proper."
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible, especially the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was later reprimanded by the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior.
So far, celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have been featured on the show.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band's website announced the official release date of the Resistance.
He is also part of another boyband, 183 club.
Hippolytus' apostolic tradition says that early Christians sang Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain at their Agape feasts.
In exchange, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
it is from Voice of America's Special English.
Shirley Temple, a 10-year-old child actress, gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
Fortuna was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It carries on as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumers are confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special powers called "knacks" and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software found that the 2009 version had an install time of 52 seconds, a scan time of 32 seconds, and used 7 MB of memory.
Volterra is in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Recently, it was discovered that itch and pain have some similarities but also some differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and helps catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department. It is in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
Without land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and it can become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
Cairns is a good place to start for those wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt, but they are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia is responsible for what you do with the information found on the website.
George Frideric Handel was also Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is not very good.
Only chitin is tougher than them as biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He made and released these pieces himself, while the larger woodcuts were mostly paid projects.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The heavy weight of the continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to be a factor in the high oxygen concentration.
in 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as medicine.
it will leave and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis's father is a big supporter of his son and is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
They believed the grounds were haunted, so they wrote a book about their adventure in 1911 and published it under the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused mainly on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was put under the Church's temporal rule as part of the Legation of Perugia. After that, its history was linked to the States of the Church until 1860, when it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and it caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before it dissipated the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current members are Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East to use mosques for civic participation.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier characters.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before they released a studio album.
in 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes over Ray Bourque, with a single first-place vote making the difference.
Shade breaks the law, which sets off a sequence of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, their forced migration, and his separation from them.
the female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The type of chess they play is speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the area drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries in South America.
the two former presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage was moderate to severe along the Atlantic Coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are compared to zombies because the owner usually does not know about them.
The wave went across the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the Associated Press Stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, which were likely written between AD 65 and 100. See also The Gospel According to the Hebrews.
Eshelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Earth's clouds are made of ice crystals, but Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They can't fully participate until they become adults.
Stable releases from development are rare, but subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his "destiny city".
During the Soviet years, two of Rostov's main landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (built in 1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (built between 1783-1807), were demolished.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is when a heat engine or power station is used to make both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male "den master" will let a second male into the den, though the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is something you can add to your Wikipedia preferences with a click of a button. It is a JavaScript or CSS snippet.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and there are various explanations for this.
In 1615, James I chose him to be a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there until he died.
chauvin was embarrassed by his award and he thought about not accepting it.
Later, Esperanto speakers started to value the language and its culture even if the language is not adopted by international organizations.
Dry air around the southern part of the cyclone weakened the deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945. She was the long-time companion and, briefly, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most irc servers don't need users to register, but they have to choose a nickname before connecting.
In the same year, he earned a mechanics certificate and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will be held on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually pictured as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments. Examples are the ermine and snowshoe hare which change color seasonally, and cephalopods which can change color quickly with chromatophores in their skin.
Val Venis won against Rikishi in a steel cage match, keeping the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is like the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one job well and working together over universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He came from a musical family.
Mennonites are in 51 countries on six continents, with large populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. They either live in tight-knit communities or are scattered among the population.
Naas is a large town near Dublin, where many people live and commute to work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin, spikes on its neck and shoulders, and spikes along its spine.
Irmo was set up on Christmas Eve in 1890 when the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad opened.
On the other hand, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords.
From 1474 until his final release, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his wife, preparing to retake Wallachia.
You can add a five word passage to the front cover and a 25 word passage to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber asks for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he gets distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin after Messiaen's death.
Shi'a Muslims regard Karbala as one of their holiest cities, along with Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who they accused of being Thaksin's proxies.
Travelling through remote areas on isolated tracks requires careful planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön depart.
Britpop started in the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
People were sent to battalions being formed for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and it uses shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are short and not as thorough.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is named after an Aboriginal word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to use resources for the benefit of its people.
After that, he wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju and its population is .
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years, despite this.
gumbasia was made using the kinesthetic film principles style taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was his idol and MK Sun wanted to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township close to Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were searching along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and it is thinner at 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, which is more than any other position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Many record stores nationwide banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman stopped Howard Stern's radio show from playing on four Citadel stations because of his frequent discussions about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's in 2005 and its system-wide sales in Canada surpassed McDonald's in 2002.
Kirk Cameron plays Captain Caleb Holt in the movie. He is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly follows the cardinal rule of firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is called a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who could perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests around the country were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world from the 1850s to the 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found near ancient Chang 'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer and pedagogue.
Most people say the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that it has a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine about railways, metros, light rails, and trams around the world.
In 1988, he was given the title of Companion of Honour.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She protested against cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series. It covers the time Graystripe was taken by twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians were not isolated in cities; many immigrants who had been peddlers interacted with Americans every day.
He was well known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metal garden furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice in childhood, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors.
Rathke first used the term gribble to describe the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum, from Norway in 1799.
Wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Until 1596, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder, then Greenlaw became the county town.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all the military installations on the harbour.
Even if people enter the prayer hall of a mosque without praying, they still have to follow rules.
It is said to have a pointed face and be about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work it can do compared to how much time and resources are used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, and the Ford Foundation helped Yunus incorporate the bank.
Bremer said Saddam would be put on trial, but the details of the trial were not yet decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan are to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east of Afghanistan.
Bomis, Inc, a web portal company, founded nupedia on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other places near by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
In 1938-39, a fourth golden garland-decorated ring was added to the column when it was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, different from West Germany's, and issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera around 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but sometimes polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are used too.
The name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website after the printed magazine ended.
When he was four and a half years old, he had to take care of himself on the streets of Northern Italy for the next four years. He stayed in orphanages and roamed towns with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernized.
Even if it no longer holds a market, a town can still be called a market town if it has the right to do so.
They built a bastion on the eastern approaches later.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed.
Others believe that Tresca was killed by the NKVD in revenge for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup only if needed.
Schuschnigg quickly said that reports of riots were untrue.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean a citizen in the area governed by a politician, sometimes just those who voted for the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm connected to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene as they drove up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book, Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory, by Phelps et al. the next year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, which is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's Opus 57 is a solo piano piece called a berceuse.
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies also show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel authoritatively.
mercury looks like the moon: it has many craters, areas of smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no significant atmosphere.
Geographically, the town is in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are perfect habitats for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only if they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion when he retrieves Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins, were caught after a long firefight in Frankfurt.
They joined to create new music manchester which supports contemporary music.
The powerful and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is at the site now, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner was the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Northeast Caribbean about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be shared without further changes if they include images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested because he was with Frank Gardiner during an armed robbery, which was ordered by Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5, and caused flooding in some areas.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer that can create a live usb. With it, the user can save their configuration and personal data.
The seats were divided according to the parties' power in the federal assembly. FDP had 2 members, CVP had 2 members, SP had 2 members, and SVP had 1 member.
A fee is the cost of services, especially the payment to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland both accepted Norway's authority, but Scotland defeated a Norse invasion and made a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software with a permissive free software license. However, other operating systems had already become more advanced, and Minix stayed mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color is usually medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. It may have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was Scottish, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the flower of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified. It was canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders admitted to using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the early stages of combat.
The former gave audiences information like intertitles, which helps historians imagine what the film was like.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He attempted to escape Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
Before the second game started, the press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance wasn't as good as Veeck's usual promotions.
In a video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon said that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
Mutants are characters that appear in Marvel Comics comic books.
The SAT Reasoning Test (formerly Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test) is a test used to get into college in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wanderers who flagellate themselves.
Some reports say that certain things make paralysis and hallucinations more likely.
He was sentenced to transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles had been looking for love when he met Sebastian and found a "low door in the wall" leading to an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was important to her life.
'dorsal' describes parts of an animal that are on or grow from its back.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made of one type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertrand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
The color can be orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the line, going north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to Bloor Street, and then west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line went along the west side of the Simpson Desert.
It is situated on an old portage trail that went west to unalakleet through the mountains.
People with cardiomyopathy can be at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region, it extends from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google put the comic on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It is carefully audited and requires official proof before it can be changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985, but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union for their first performance. In 1994, he toured with the IPO again and performed in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars. This gave Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and caused 10,000 casualties to the losers.
For a long time, northern Nigeria's economy has been centered in it and it has been a place for groundnut production and exportation.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won multiple awards and honors for the band.
After a short standoff, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, such as ones for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, USA.
Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It is formed from a proper name Arzash, which is similar to the name Arsene, Arsissa, used by the ancients to describe part of Lake Van.
From 16,421 people in the national casting, she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be designed and used in environments that are not so strict.
Gimnasia hired famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She also appeared in some music videos, like "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was given its town charter in celebration of the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline was in the 1994 Gameboy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His exact date of birth is not known, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure tells how much of an inhibitor is needed to reduce a biological process, like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by half.
The Bernese Alps are not only in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, but also in the Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
In Ireland, he had one daughter with Ann E. Power, who was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and was sad that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string, producing different particles such as electrons, photons, gluons, etc.
Gable got an Academy Award nomination for playing Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie Mutiny on the Bounty.
