one side of the war is mostly sudanese military and the janjaweed, a militia from the abbala tribes in sudan .
jeddah is the main route to mecca , islam 's holiest city , that all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their life .
the great dark spot is likely a break in neptune's methane cloud layer.
his next book , saturday , tells the story of a neurosurgeon's day.
the tarantula, the trickster, created a black rope and pulled it east with all his might.
six weeks later, he died on 13 january 888.
they share a similar culture with the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal recipient has been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
the drummers are followed by dancers, who usually play the sogo  a small drum with little sound  and have more intricate dance moves.
the spacecraft has two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is a retired italian footballer.
people believed that the crash created debris that filled in the smaller craters.
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and earned a ba in anthropology.
however , the bzö is slightly different from the freedom party, supporting a referendum on the lisbon treaty but opposing an eu-withdrawal .
many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement.
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into tsinghua is difficult.
nrc is now a private, independent foundation .
it is on the baltic sea shore and surrounds the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982.
fives is a british sport believed to have the same origins as other racquet sports.
for instance , king bhumibol was born on a monday , so on his birthday thailand will be adorned with yellow .
both names ended in 2007 when they were combined to form the national museum of scotland .
tagore imitated many styles, such as northern new ireland craftwork, haida carvings from british columbia, and max pechstein woodcuts.
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy suggested the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in the great performances at the white house show on public broadcasting service in 1988.
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the us until 1927, then she and her husband went back to france.
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
from the voyager 2 photos ophelia looks elongated , its major axis pointing towards uranus .
The British chose to eliminate him and seize the land by force.
certain towns along the eyre highway in western australia between the sa border and caiguna do not use the official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used in architecture to make mosaics and inlays for walls , furniture and boxes .
other cities incorporated on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to locate captain qwark in order to prevent drek from ruining the galaxy.
it is not a real louse.
he promotes the use of a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also spreads awareness of interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that other editors and the administrator blocking you are part of a conspiracy against someone they've never met in person.
group i : analyses the scientific features of the climate system and climate change .
the island group is part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland and inner hebrides by the turbulent seas of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife had a baby girl, alanna marie, on july 12, 2008.
the minor planet center , a branch of the iau , assigns official numbers and names to minor planets.
on september 30, wind shear increased quickly and the storm began to weaken.
each entry contains a datum  a piece of data  that is similar to the data in the source .
because of this , both men and women must follow the guidelines when going to a mosque, even if some mosques don't enforce them.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  plays professional rugby for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the assessment report is made up of four reports, three of them from working groups.
their granddaughter hélène and grandson pierre, named after pierre curie, are both scientists - hélène is a nuclear physicist and pierre is a biochemist.
this stamp was the common letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's rule, and many were printed.
the international fight league was an american mma company, dubbed as the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and can cause giardiasis.
additionally , cameron has acted in several christian-based films, including left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , portraying cameron " buck " williams .
this area was located east of the vistula river and was sometimes referred to as " prussia proper ".
he went back to yerevan after graduating and taught at the conservatory, and was later chosen as the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
the narrative of christmas is based on the bible stories in matthew and luke .
weelkes was reprimanded by the chichester cathedral authorities for his drunkenness and bad behaviour .
the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in pictures taken by voyager 1 while orbiting jupiter on march 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser.
the resistance was officially released on 16 june 2009, according to the band's website.
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club.
hippolytus' apostolic tradition shows that hallel psalms were sung in early christian agape feasts with alleluia as the refrain.
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and defended northern france against other viking groups .
it is based on voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones by 10-year-old shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid identified by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it extends into bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this creates confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
reports have discussed the ethics of the incident .
they are neutered to make the animal calmer or gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical skills , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and powerful.
benchmarking by passmark software showed the 2009 version's install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and 7 mb memory use .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were the same, but it was discovered that they had distinct features.
the tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which enables snout movement and helps catch ants and termites.
the same tram derailed at starr gate loop during earlier tests on 30 May 2006.
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson stand outside the ground , both former ipswich town and england managers .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys , massages , and a concert to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
without land use regulations , buildings can line a bypass, making it a regular town road and eventually becoming congested like the roads it was meant to avoid.
Cairns is a launching point for travelers wishing to visit cooktown, cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland.
bruises can hurt but usually aren't serious .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use its information.
george frideric handel was kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
only chitin is tougher than them as a biological material.
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
he self-published his smaller woodcuts and got orders for the bigger ones.
the historical method involves how historians use evidence to study and write history.
the heavy ice sheet on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen levels.
the population in 2000 was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used in medicine.
it will detach and sink to the river bottom to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , studies have revealed that kids are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis' father is an enthusiastic supporter of his son and sees himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
after becoming a category 4 hurricane, the storm's outer clouds became disorganized.
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book called an adventure  1911  with the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he moved to london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has multiple fast food places, a cafeteria-style eatery, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
he left 11,000 soldiers to guard the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia under the church's control, and later joined the states of the church and then the united kingdom of italy in 1860.
The depression moved over land on the 20th, without clouds, and ended the following day in Brazil, bringing heavy rains and flooding.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department was a police force in NYC from 1952 to 1995.
the band consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic engagement than nations with a majority muslim population in the Middle East.
the characters are crude versions of pete and dud.
johan used to be the bassist for swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before any album was released .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state.
in 1990, mark messier won the hart trophy by two votes due to one extra first-place vote.
shade's impulsive disobedience to a law triggers a series of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
the female version is a daughter .
in April 1999, he was told he had incurable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm came, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
the type of chess played is speed chess where each player has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the region drained by the amazon river and its branches .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
damage from the storm extended up the atlantic coast and inland to west virginia .
these computers are likened to zombies because the owner is usually unaware of them.
the wave moved across the atlantic and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the 1800s, eschelbronn is famous for its furniture production industry.
the top portion looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
while earth's clouds are made of ice crystals, neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals.
until they turn 18, their involvement is restricted.
stable versions of development are rare , but there are usually stable subversion snapshots .
eventually in 1482 the order sent him to florence, the place he was meant to be.
during the soviet period , bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's famous landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment of 1953.
cogeneration  also called combined heat and power , chp  is when a power plant generates both electricity and heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will permit a second male in the den , but the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a code snippet that can be enabled in the user preferences.
here are some helpful links to support your participation .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948.
she was left behind when the nicoleños left for the mainland, and the reasons are varied.
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he played the organ there until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed by the award and initially said he wouldn't accept it.
eventually , esperanto speakers began to value the language and culture independently, even if the language is never officially adopted.
dry air around the outside of the cyclone weakened the strong convection by september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the United States.
eva anna paula braun  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was adolf hitler's companion and wife for a short time .
each license is given a special version number.
irc servers usually do not require users to sign up, but users must pick a nickname to be connected.
in the same year, he got a mechanics certificate and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york.
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling event produced by wwe , happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles .
typically shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color in different environments, either seasonally  ermine, snowshoe hare  or rapidly  cephalopods .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match and kept the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this follows the unix concept of having multiple programs that each do one task well and work together with common interfaces .
he had a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer and his father was a band director at yale .
mennonites have large populations in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , and also live in small groups in up to 51 countries on six continents or are spread throughout those countries .
naas is a big " dublin suburb " town with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had oval plates on its skin and spikes on its neck, shoulders, and spine.
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 due to the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
however , bills from the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the house of lords .
before leaving in 1474, vlad stayed in budapest with his wife to plan the reconquest of wallachia.
you can add a 5-word phrase on the front cover and a 25-word phrase on the back cover to the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue inside bones .
reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more effectively than red light  the same phenomenon that causes blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france .
macgruber attempts to create a device to defuse the bomb, but is often distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
messiaen had finished most of the work when he died and yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of the last movement with help from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat, who were seen as thaksin's representatives.
however, traveling through remote areas on isolated tracks needs planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
while at kahn he designed the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and leaves with dr. schön for rehearsal .
britpop was a style of music originating from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s, featuring bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 60s and 70s.
these soldiers joined battalions for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains operate.
it can hold 98,772 people, making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world.
in 1967, ten boom was recognized as a righteous among the nations by israel.
some articles are long and thorough while others are shorter and of lower quality .
95 species are currently accepted.
eugowra is named after an aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in English.
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and executive and legislative branch powers to provide resources for its citizens .
he wrote several pieces about hiawatha , including the death of minnehaha , an overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the main city of the state is aracaju  pop .
nevertheless , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
gumbasia was made using vorkapich's kinesthetic film principles method.
mk sun was inspired by lawyer brandon  waise lee  and followed his footsteps to pursue a career in law.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a village located near cowra in new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002.
prospectors from california , europe and china searched the peel river and mountain slopes .
Before calculators, the slide rule was widely used in science and engineering.
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, 20% faster page refreshing, text-to-speech reading, and a reduced thickness of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk .
75 defense players have been inducted into the hall of fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goalies have been chosen.
different opinions on the issue have been suggested through the years  see below  , but none were accepted by mainstream christian organizations .
many stores refused to sell the album .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman blocked Howard Stern's radio show on four Citadel stations due to his frequent discussions about Sirius Satellite Radio.
the company had twice as many canadian stores than mcdonald's and in 2002 sales were higher than mcdonald's canadian operations.
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia who follows the rule " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is an ancient species .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer to appear in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky planned to compose a ballet .
Demonstrations across the country were suppressed.
the operettas of offenbach , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were highly successful in france and other English-speaking countries in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been found near xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  1921-1968  was an accomplished musician from france .
it was hard to control the instrument .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar readings show the composition is mostly iron-nickel.
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine focusing on railway, metro, light rail and tram businesses around the world.
he was given the ch honour in 1988 .
loèche has the facilities of onyx, the swiss system for intercepting electronic intelligence.
a matchbook is a cardboard folder containing matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
she opposed smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
she defiantly refused to abandon the commune and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe's trilogy is a set of three books that follows graystripe's story from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until his return to thunderclan in the sight.
syrians did not stay together in cities; many of the immigrants who sold goods could meet americans daily.
he was well known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metal furniture.
as a child she had two collapsed lungs, yearly pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not sustainable for species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian hockey team.
small inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes used for transistors.
gribble was first used for the wood-boring species, limnoria lignorum , from norway discovered by rathke in 1799.
wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county was managed from duns or lauder until 1596 when greenlaw became the county town .
No skater has performed a quadruple axel in a competition.
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military sites in the harbour.
even those who enter a mosque without praying must follow the rules .
it has a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance measures the useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
reservoirs of immense size exist along the volga river .
the crosier is a symbol of the local monasteries.
skin color can vary from dark brown to very light pink .
shorebank, a community development bank in chicago, assisted yunus with the formation of the bank under a ford foundation grant.
bremer announced that saddam will be put on trial, but the specifics have not been decided.
The professional hockey writers' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan surround Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and China.
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule .
iain grieve is a rugby player from jwaneng , botswana who plays back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are nearby villages.
in 1964, murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model.
a fourth golden garland-decorated ring was added to the column in 1938 39 when it was moved to its current location.
west berlin had its own postal system and issued its own stamps until 1990.
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in c . 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales.
the most common polymer is epoxy, but others like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
the name is still used for a related digital tv channel , radio station , and website which remain after the magazine's closure.
at four-and-a-half years old, he was alone and homeless in northern italy for the next four years.
in the 1980s and 1990s, stands were added behind each goal as the ground was updated.
a town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market as long as the right to do so still exists .
a fortification was built at the eastern entrance .
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson was killed in the battle of Stiklestad in Norway by his pagan vassals.
some suggest that tresca was killed by the nkvd in revenge for criticizing stalin's government in the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
Only use html and css with valid justification.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in croydon , england .
constituent can also refer to citizens living in the region served by a politician, usually those who voted for them.
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone made a short appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway near santa clarita .
phelps et al published the conference papers in a book the following year called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory.
wario land is a platforming game series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to migrate to the gold coast, nigeria, and other parts of west africa.
spectroscopic studies have also found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a rocky surface.
she was the official editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
mercury looks much like the moon : it has craters and smooth plains , no moons and no atmosphere .
the town is situated in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are perfect for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull habitats .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in power if the lower house supports them.
rowling believes this scene is significant because it presents harry's courage and his kind act of bringing cedric's body back.
on june 1, 1972, he and two other raf members were captured after a long gunfight in frankfurt.
they created new music manchester , a collective focused on modern music .
the strong hurricane caused serious damage in the upper florida keys due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
meher baba's samadhi  tomb-shrine  is located here, along with offerings for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been fully restored.
in 2005, meissner was the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a national event.
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
49 pipefish species and 9 seahorse species have been documented .
saint martin is a tropical island located about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
thus, these pdfs cannot be shared without altering them if they include photos .
in april 1862, ben was taken into custody by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for joining frank gardiner in an armed robbery.
On October 5, areas of Britain experienced heavy rains which caused flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer which can create a live usb, allowing the user to save their configuration and data if they wish.
based on the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , seats were given as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 , social democratic party  sp  : 2 , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 .
a fee is the cost for a service, especially for professionals like doctors and lawyers.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
iceland and greenland submitted to norwegian rule, while scotland resisted and negotiated a good peace agreement.
the album had singles such as " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in 2000, minix was made free / open source software with a free software licence, but it was already outdated by other systems and was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
the body color is usually medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it has dark brown spots , particularly on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business, symbolised by its thistle logo, scotland's national flower.
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southward as jose strengthened , then canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in 2003, the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during combat.
the former showed viewers details similar to those of intertitles and helps historians understand what the film was like.
this is because property , businesses and other resources in poor countries cannot be used as security to acquire funds for business and industrial growth.
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times until he was killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender.
before the second game started, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not as good as veeck's usual promotions.
in a video supporting charity equality now, joss whedon said "fray is not finished, fray is returning."
a mutant is a character found in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is an exam for college admissions in the united states.
civil unrest in northern italy gave rise to geisslerlieder, a type of music sung by groups of flagellants.
some reports suggest that certain conditions increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
his punishment was seven years of exile in australia.
waugh states that charles desired love when he first encountered sebastian, and found a secret garden, which is a symbol in the book.
her relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was significant .
the term dorsal refers to parts located on or coming from the back of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder observed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made up of one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
barneville-la-bertran is a town in calvados, france .
the color is orange to pale yellow.
in 1963, a new part of the route was added, running north from union station, then curving west to end near st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980, part of the commonwealth railways central australian line ran near the simpson desert.
it is situated on an old portage trail heading west to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
mesoamerica's largest sub-region, it included mountains and semi-arid plains from the sierra madre to northern yucatán.
google put the comic on google books and their website, and talked about it on its blog with an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which must be audited and have official proofs before being changed.
political economy was released in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in the soviet union , china , and india .
in the napoleonic wars , general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
northern nigeria's economy is largely based on groundnut production and exports .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a pause , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs.
in the 5th century, the slavs began to settle in the area.
between 1900 and 1920 a lot of new buildings were built on campus, such as those for dental and pharmacy, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, hospital, library, and two dorms.
winchester is a city in illinois, USA.
arzashkun appears to be an assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka derived from arzash, which is a name similar to arsene and arsissa used by ancient people for part of lake van.
out of 16,421 entrants, she was one of 15 selected to appear on the tv show.
the show aired on abc from 1993 to 2005.
the latter device can be made for use in less demanding conditions .
gimnasia hired two well-known colombian coaches, francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both did not have much success.
brighton is a city in iowa , united states .
additionally , she was featured in music videos like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the village celebrated its 750th anniversary with a town charter .
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, now referred to as " mario's friend ".
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
his exact birthday is unknown , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measurement shows how much of a drug or substance  inhibitor  is required to reduce a biological process  or part of it  by half .
the bernese alps span several cantons, though they are named after the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern.
he had a daughter, mary ann fisher power, with ann  e  power.
edward gorey said that bawden was a favorite artist of his, but not many people knew about them.
the string can vibrate and make different particles like electrons , photons , gluons , etc .
gable earned an academy award nomination for his role as fletcher christian in the 1935 movie mutiny on the bounty .
