one of the sides in the armed conflicts in northamerica is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the city of Mecca , the holiest city in Islam .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is a film about a successful neurosurgeon , Saturday .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888.
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new Guinea .
since 2000 the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 in italy .
after the collision, the smaller craters were filled in with debris .
graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs a bit from the freestyle party , as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987
dextromethorphan is a white powder that is considered one of the most important precursors to the academy awards .
tsinghua university is one of the most prestigious universities in china .
today nrc is an independent, private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
on king bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless, tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14th, 1960, presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
perry saturn won the wwf european championship by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna at 8:10 on saturn's victory lap after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until her husband returned to France in 1927.
despina was discovered on July 29, 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated, elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the british decided to take the land by force and eliminate him .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the south Australian border almost to Cairuna , do not follow official Australian Western Australian time .
many architecture decoration items are small pieces of colored and iridescent shell : mosaics and inlays are used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes Peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy , so he asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
it is not actually a real bug .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you may have blocked you because they don't want you to succeed .
working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a date a nugget of data which is a copy of the date in some backing store .
although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988, making him a professional rugby union player.
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports - three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of queen victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed.
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
besides this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating from college, he returned to Armenia and taught at a local conservatory. He later became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , currently hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 june 2009 .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is derived from the voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was presented a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues to be the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 megabyte.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to scholarship ethics .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a small town in the tuscany region of italy .
itch and pain are considered to be two important sensations , and have been studied for years in a variety of ways .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
on 30 may 2006, a tram derailed near Starrgate loop during a previous trial .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former Ipswich town and England managers , outside the ground
the square root of the variance is a statistic that is used to measure the variation in a data set .
the stadium was also filled with volunteers who provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those attending the game .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often produce pain but are not typically dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was also a kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
chitin is a types of protein , which is the hardest material in the world .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history.
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top ofLake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 the population of London was 89,148 .
some people call aliteracy the state of being uninterested in reading .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a medical treatment .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or care about.
landis ' father is a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category four status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage and cost of labor .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure, 1911, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
he settled in london and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants : a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then  1860  with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters and peter
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left the band before they ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for the office of Iowa secretary of state and was victorious.
in 1990, mark messier took the hart overray bourque by a margin of two votes .
the novel's main plot is that of Shade's journey from his home colony to find new home and break away from the rules of the colony's founder
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed many visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is a chess game in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
a moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia .
because the owner tends to be unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
a tropical depression was formed off the north coast of Haiti on September 13, 2008.
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is wellknown for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim is a mix of the arms of the oldenburg city of dresden and the arms of the city of berlin .
unlike the clouds on earth , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of majority .
development stable releases are not common, but there are sometimes snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny’.
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito de Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combined heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, she was left behind. explanations for this vary, when the rest of theNicoleños were moved to the mainland.
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
most of the deep convection by early on september 12 was eroded by dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone .
calvin baker is an american novelist .
Eva Braun, also known as Eva Hitler, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in the world .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , and is said to be an incarnation of the polestar .
some animals in the cephalopod family have chromatic response : the far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family .
val venis won the wwf Intercontinental Championship in a steel cage match against Rikishi 14:10. Venis pinned Rikishi after tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer and his father was a band director at yale .
mennonites are a unique form of people , found mainly in the middle east and south america .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour was made of rectangular plates set almost horizontally into the skin and had spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area as well as along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on Christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railway .
bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France , in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died, and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
the stadium has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter possibly stubs and of lesser quality .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted into the zoo .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often-heard terms in english .
the jurisdiction of the supreme court of america is drawn from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju, the largest city in Brazil.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes in the 1800s .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters   .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made from the milk of cows .
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame, more than any other current position; only 35 goaltenders have been enshrined.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ; however, all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
as of march 2005, the company had opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March " , ottawa business journal , december 1, 2005
plot captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a fossil .
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were quickly and successfully suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operas were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
some roof tiles from the Tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was very difficult to control .
the earliest extant church in Assisi is the Santa Maria Maggiore church .
the analysis of radar observations indicates a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbour the installations of onyx, the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
in the manga series graystripe ( there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight ) , there is a manga series following the life of a white tiger named graystripe who is taken by twolegs and then returned to his tiger family .
samovar & porter 1994 is a book about the history of the syrian immigrants who worked as peddlers in america in the early 20th century .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she suffered from collapsed lungs twice during her childhood : she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
at australian national university ( ANU ), dr. david lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
the phone exchange at port jackson was the first stop for the port captain during his interactions with all the military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by how much useful work a computer system can do compared to the time and resources used
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga river .
the cross necklace symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation.
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
the professional hockey writers' association votes at the end of the regular season to choose the all-star team .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are three countries in the eastern part ofasia,Borders to the north, west, and south respectively.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc.
some of the notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location .
until 1990, west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany's, which issued its own postage stamps.
the Primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the brand name for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
four-and-a-half-year-old Leonardo was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .
on july 29th, in the battle of stiklestad, olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and died in the battle.
some other theories suggest that tresca was eliminated as a result of criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when it is necessary to improve the look of a page .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were true .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related sense of constituent is a citizen residing in the area governed by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz, and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the " hovercraft " was shot in a scene on Templin highway north of Santa Clarita by the crew of the " tranmere rovers " .
the conference papers were published in a book by Phelps et al.
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works at breitkopf & härtel .
mercury is a celestial body that is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town of Limmat lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
these Ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty , daka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house of the parliament
in this scene from the Harry Potter series , harry retrieves the body of Cedric Diggory from the river Thames
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition in 2005 .
salem is a city in east essex county, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been reported from the Great Lakes .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
therefore, these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images or videos .
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner.
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people's party  svp  : 1 member
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the Ohio State University library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus .
both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album include " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color varies from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was primarily a french enterprise , as symbolised by its fleur-de-lis logo , the floral emblem of France .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune published an article alleging that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion, that is why it is considered one of the most important precursors to the academy awards .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test formerly known as theScholastic aptitude test and the Scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder is performed by wandering bands of flagellants in northern italy during civil unrest .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been searching for love in those days when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden" , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off that side of an animal .
protein is a word meaning " a unit of energy storage found in all living things ."
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months dodging capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow
in 1963 an extension was added to the east side of the city , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their website and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book political economy was published in1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
the Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars fought by the french and italian empires against each other , starting in 1804 and lasting until 1814
it has long been the economic and political capital of northern Nigeria .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, the Slavs started to move into what is now northwestern europe.
over the years many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in central scotts county , illinois , United States .
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the renowned colombian trainer francisco maturana and then the renowned julio césar falcioni but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos : " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on jun 24 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
during vaginal childbirth, the vagina stretches significantly to accommodate the baby .
it is believed his real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed he was born between 1935 and 1939.
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e  power.
during an interview with edward gorey, he mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
every mode appears as a different particle : electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
