The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group, compose one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca.
The Great Dark Spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work is called 'Saturday.'
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The Colin Mears Award has been given to the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000, with a value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who play the sogo and have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942.
The debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in that it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is competitive.
Today , the NRC is organized as an independent private foundation.
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast and encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday.
The two names were merged into the National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore emulated numerous styles.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 by Voyager 2.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in Voyager 2 images, pointing towards Uranus.
The British eliminated him and took the land by force.
Some towns between South Australia and Caiguna in Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Shells have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark.
It is not a louse.
He advocates user-centered design and works to popularize interaction design.
It is possible that the other editors and the administrator are part of a conspiracy.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides form an island chain.
Orton and his wife welcomed a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30.
Each entry has a datum.
Both men and women must adhere to the guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques published Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three from working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
Vast quantities of the stamp were printed during Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoal parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions.
This area was east of the Vistula River mouth, sometimes referred to as "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the conservatory. Later, he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible.
Weelkes got in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and behaviour.
So far, celebrities have featured in the episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from Voyager 1.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show.
On 16 June 2009, the official release date of The Resistance was announced.
He is a member of 183 Club.
Early Christians sang Hallel Psalms with alleluia as a refrain at agape feasts.
In return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and defended northern France against Viking incursions.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues in Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion.
Numerous reports have been published regarding ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks", and are both rare and powerful.
Passmark Software conducted benchmarking, highlighting the 2009 version's install time of 52 seconds, scan time of 32 seconds, and memory utilization of 7 MB.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain have recently been found to have similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop on 30 May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and music.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Buildings are built along a bypass if land use controls are not strong.
People can explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland from Cairns.
Bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
None can be responsible for your use of the information on Wikipedia.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
They are only rivaled by chitin in terms of toughness.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster Card.
He produced and published his works himself, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on Lake Vostok contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Landis's father is now a big fan of Floyd.
The hurricane became ragged shortly after attaining category 4 status.
The price of labor is its equilibrium wage.
They decided to publish their findings in a book called "An Adventure" in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He settled in London and devoted himself to teaching.
Brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the rule of the Church.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel and Dave McClain are in the current lineup of the band.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques for civic participation.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the bassist of Hammerfall, but quit before the band released an album.
In 1998 , Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 with two more votes than Ray Bourque.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is played with a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner is usually unaware , so the computers are compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press Stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
Oberbarnim district's coat of arms is similar to the upper half of the flag.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane.
They are limited until they reach adulthood.
Development is rarely stable, but stable subversion snapshots exist.
He was sent to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518.
Miller and Urey demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and useful heat.
The male " den master " sometimes allows a second male into the den , but the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia Gadget is a type of code that can easily be enabled in Wikipedia Preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Later, Esperanto speakers valued the language and culture it created.
The dry air eroded the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was the wife and longtime companion of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register an account.
He received a mechanics certificate in that year.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming WWE event.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers.
Some animals change color in different environments.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel Cage Match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
This resembles the Unix philosophy of multiple programs working together with universal interfaces.
His parents were both musical.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, DRC and the United States.
Naas is a major suburb of Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area along the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital before his final release in 1474.
You can add a 5-word front-cover text and a 25-word back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to more efficient scattering of blue light than red.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France.
Macgruber attempts to defuse the bomb but is distracted by his personal life.
Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala one of their holiest cities.
The Pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat.
Planning and a suitable vehicle are usually needed for travelling through remote areas.
Kahn hired him as chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop emerged in the early 1990s and was influenced by 1960s and 1970s British pop music.
This was absorbed into battalions.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and of high quality, while others are shorter and lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
The terms "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are commonly used in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
The historic township of Cowra is located in Cabonne Shire, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was widely used before the pocket calculator .
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner.
Yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame.
Alternative views have been proposed, but rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show.
The company opened more outlets than McDonald's in Canada by 2005 and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia.
He won the election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990 , she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world.
Roof tiles with this symbol have been found dating back to the Tang Dynasty near the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal.
He was appointed to the Order of the Companions of Honour in 1988.
Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, is located in Loèche.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and a striking surface.
She objected to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series following Graystripe's journey from being taken by twolegs to his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
Gribble was first used to describe Limnoria lignorum from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds inflicted by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The administration of the county was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has landed a quadruple axel.
The commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
However, there are still rules that apply to those who enter a mosque.
It is pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work is done in comparison to the resources used.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the region's monasteries.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the All-Star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan , Iran , Pakistan , and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000.
Notable features of the design include S-boxes and a key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana.
Other settlements near Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil exist.
In 1964 , physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig independently proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39.
West Berlin issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is New South Wales's largest city and capital.
Epoxy is the most common polymer, but others such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon may also be used.
The name survives as a brand for its related digital media outlets.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself.
Stands were added behind the goals in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may still be called a market town even if it does not hold a market.
A bastion was built later.
Olav Haraldsson lost the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway and was killed.
Others theorize that Tresca was killed by the NKVD due to his criticism of the Stalin regime.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and with a good reason.
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is in Croydon, England.
Constituent can also refer to citizens living in a politician's area of governance.
Prunk is a member of two European institutions.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The papers were published in a book by Phelps et al the following year.
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological.
A historian stated that quinine enabled colonists to settle in West Africa.
Evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates indicate a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are excellent for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors.
The prime minister only stays in office if they maintain support in the lower house.
Harry shows bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, the RAF members were arrested in Frankfurt after a shootout.
They formed New Music Manchester.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb-Shrine is located at the same site.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005 , Meissner landed the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorses have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean.
PDFs cannot be distributed with images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, resulting in flooding.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer for a live USB with an option to save the user's configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed with relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is a price for services.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, while Scotland resisted invasion and negotiated a peace settlement.
The singles from the album included five songs.
In April 2000, MINIX became open source.
The body color of the species varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise symbolised by the thistle logo.
The warning was extended southward and canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
The latter provided information later supplied by intertitles.
This is due to the lack of collateral in the underground economies of the third world.
He ran away from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press agreed the appearance was not up to Veeck's usual standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now.
Mutants are characters in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy caused the creation of Geisslerlieder.
Various factors can increase the risk of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian , and found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with Rasputin was important.
The term 'dorsal' refers to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein".
The gang laid low for 16 months to evade capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is in France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added in 1963.
Before 1980, a section of the Central Australian Line passed along the Western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on a portage trail to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region and includes the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the College.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm.
It has long been an economic centre in northern Nigeria.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
Meteora earned the band awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs began migrating to the region.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name Arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen among 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She appeared in several music videos.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in 1994 with the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although she is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is elastic and can stretch during childbirth.
His birth date is unknown but believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates the amount of a drug or substance needed to inhibit a biological process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps span multiple cantons.
He had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as one of his favorite artists.
The string vibrates in different modes, producing different particles.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).
