the armed conflicts on the one side are mainly composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the north rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , islam's holiest city , which is able -bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune
his next work , saturday , happens to be one of the most eventful days in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , crawling away quickly to the east .
he died six weeks later on 13 January 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal people of papua new Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers is the dancers , who often play the sogo with a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the nasa cassini orbiter is named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe is named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 in Italy .
it was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a BA in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs slightly from the right-of-centre party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but opposed to an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had disappeared by the end of the 19th century , with European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is highly competitive .
today NRC is organised as an independent charity .
it is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea , enclosing the city of Stralsund .
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
five is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow and red color .
both the names of the museums ( emmen and scotland ) were merged into the national museum of scotland in 2007 .
however , Tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new zealand , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on October 14, 1960 , presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of the Michigan Union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public television service .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the United States until she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered on July 29th , 1989 by the Voyage 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some Australian towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the south Australian border almost to Caiguna , do not follow official Western Australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes , Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true bug
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also strives towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream profession .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never even met in person .
working group i , assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are numbers - name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically decrease and a strengthening trend began .
each entry has a datum ( a nugget of data ) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 , and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol rugby in the Guinness premiership .
like the previous assessment reports , the reports include four reports , three of which are from the working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris ; and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted chemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in post-rapture-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " Prussia " .
after graduating from college he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simon Gregson , Lee Ryan .
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 June 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is a member of the 183 club , another member of the jungiery band .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian prayer services .
in return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the north of France against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a translation of the voice of America  VOA special English .
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 million bytes instead of 1 million megabytes .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more placid or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have a " knack " ( special magical ability ) for specific magical abilities ; and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extremely rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch shares several features with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein -rich mucous , which helps to lubricate movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the difference .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the northwestern of the department of pays-de-la-loire in the northwest of france .
if there are no strong land use controls , building restrictions are placed on a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people looking to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises are often painful but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George , elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small , and their visual acuity is good .
they are the only biological material that can withstand the toughness of chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on an oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by others .
the historical method includes the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of the lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a medication .
it will then slowly sink back to the river bed and digest its food , before waiting for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , care about , and / or trust .
landis ' father has become a very supportive of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several quick food restaurants , a cafeteria - style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 , trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day overBrazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals , guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed caricatures of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he left the band before they ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , Culver ran for the Iowa office of secretary of state and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defied that law and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a child .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer reaches of the lake .
the form of chess played is rapid chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and into west virginia .
because the owner is unaware of the computers , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of haiti on September 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are made up of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of 18 .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's primary landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion , the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to help youparticipate in this investigation .
he served as the Prime Minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , she was left behind .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone was eroded by early on September 12 .
calvin baker is an American author .
Eva Braun, died Eva Braun Hitler on 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945. She was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license number is given a distinguishing version .
most IRC servers do not require users to register a account , but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staplescenter in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals in the cephalopod family have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental Championship at 14:10 by pinning him after hitting him with a TV camera .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother , Larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , Keith Brion , was a band director at Yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are found in Canada , the democratic republic of congo and the United States , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of rectangular plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to 25 words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 5 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of the bones .
reflection Nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the south of the vaucluse département in the area of the south of france
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially completed when messiah died , and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin Shinawatra , Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle usually a four-wheel drive .
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has a smaller number of users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December, 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel.
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter - possibly stubs - and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly 10 years .
gumbasia was created in a way called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became an idol of his young son , mk sun , and he grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabbie shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California , Europe and China were also searching for gold and silver in the Peel River and the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  .
yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
75 defensemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by the mainstream Christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores across the nation .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
suleman cut from four citadel stations after cutting from howard stern 's radio show in late 2004 .
the company opened twice as many Canadian stores as McDonald's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1, 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt , hank kirk cameron , and james smith are firefighters in albany , georgia , and they firmly keep the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
widespread protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found in the west of the ancient city of Chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux ( february 13, 1921 – november 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was very difficult to control .
santa maria Maggiore ( Holy Roman Empire ) is the earliest extant church in Asisi .
the observations suggest that the metal is a very pure iron-nickel alloy
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway industry worldwide .
he was appointed a companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche is the harbour of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use during pregnancy .
Definitely , she vowed never to renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight , is a three volume original english-language manga series
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84, " syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis ."
he was famous for his prints and book covers , as well as his posters and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood , she suffered from collapsed lungs , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the Montreal Canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are the most common type of wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter, the administration of the county was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even people who enter the mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is judged by how much work a computer system can do compared to how long it takes to do it and how much resources it uses .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found in the volga River .
the cross symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, inc., a web portal company.
some of the notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is typically epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital TV channel ( digital radio station and website ), digital music station ( which has survived the demise of the printed magazine ), and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine .
at four and a half years old , he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches .
the events of July 29 - the battle of Stiklestad in Norway - see: Olav Haraldsson, loser in battle
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html andcss markup sparingly and only for good reasons .
immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the east of the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen who resides in the area governed by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew erected a cantilevered arm attachment to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book , microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3
frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is an lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
moreover , spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is very similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites ; and it has no significant atmosphere
the town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich .
these ideal habitats provide excellent cover for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the death of the sena dynasty in 1817 , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from theDelhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office until the lower house approves his or her policies .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
on June 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed the modern music group, Manchester, committed to contemporary music.
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored in its entirety .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex County , Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in April 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell over portions of Britain on October 5th , causing localized accumulation of floodwaters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the Ohio State Library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became a free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from light brown to golden-yellow to beige-white ; and occasionally, the body is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a catholic enterprise , as symbolized by its cross logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in August 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that US Marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the intertitles provide audiences with information about the film , and can help historians imagine what it may have been like .
because real estate and businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion , this can not be used to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test and the scholastic assessment test are standardized tests for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in the north of italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of Flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her famous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either located towards or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months , evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from yellow to orange .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the eastern side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest subregion in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and diverse landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on their site and their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book was published in 1985 but was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
the austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , taking Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has always been the economic and commercial capital of northern Nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indian people speak one of the five dravidian languages-- kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century , the slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a building for the social sciences , a building for the arts , and a hill auditorium .
winchester is a city in Scott County , Illinois , United States .
name arzashkun seems to be theAssyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Greeks to part of the lake van .
out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in more stringent environments , including in environments that are less stringent
gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in west washington county , iowa , united states .
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of Glinde's founding, it received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 ( although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " ); and later in 2006 ( despite the character being now described as " mario 's friend " ), although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is unusually elastic and stretches many times its normal width during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought that it may have happened between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by a third .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there she had one daughter - later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher - to Ann Powers.
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bayden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc.
gable won an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
