one side of the armed conflicts consists mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a militia group from the abbala tribes of northern sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , an important city for muslims that they must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in neptune's methane cloud deck .
his next book , saturday , follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , then quickly crawled away eastward , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal recipient also receives the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
the dancers follow the drummers , often playing the sogo , a small drum with little sound , and performing more complex choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro mazzola, born 8 November 1942, is a retired Italian football player.
it was believed that the debris filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and earned a ba in anthropology .
the bzö differs from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was honored with induction into the rock and roll hall of fame .
pure dextromethorphan appears as a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very competitive .
nrc is now an independent , private foundation .
the island is located by the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also named " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated in 1982 .
fives is a british sport believed to come from the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol's birthday throughout thailand , yellow decorations will be seen .
both names were removed in 2007 when they joined the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which aired on PBS .
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she and her husband stayed in the us until 1927, when they returned to france .
despina was found in late July 1989 from Voyager 2 images .
the first italian grand prix was held on 4 september 1921 in brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images , ophelia appears as an elongated object , facing uranus .
the british decided to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the southeast of western australia do not follow the official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architecture , to decorate walls , furniture , and boxes .
other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes user-centered design in product development and works to make interaction design a widely accepted discipline .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are conspiring against someone far away they have never met .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the islands are part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland of scotland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter , alanna marie , on july 12th , 2008 .
the minor planet center , a part of the iau , oversees formal minor planet designations .
by early september 30 , wind shear began to increase and the storm started to weaken .
each entry contains a datum, a piece of data, which is a copy of the datum in its backing store.
so , even if mosques do not enforce violations , both men and women must still follow these guidelines when visiting a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born 10 july , 1988 , plays rugby union for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like earlier reports , it has four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
this stamp was used for the rest of victoria 's reign , and huge amounts were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion , said to be the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a protozoan parasite which lives and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
cameron has also worked in Christian-themed films , such as Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force and Left Behind: World at War, in which he stars as Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this area was east of the vistula river and was sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible accounts in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes was later reprimanded by chichester cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and wild behavior .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady , and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 probe taken while orbiting jupiter on march 5 , 1979 .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
hippolytus's apostolic tradition mentions singing hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at early christian feasts .
in return , rollo agreed to be loyal to charles , became a christian , and defended northern france from other vikings .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
a spacecraft discovered it , making it the first asteroid .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland.
it continues as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been widely reported as an ethics issue in scholarship .
they are castrated to make the animal calmer or to make it gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking showed the 2009 version's install time of 52 seconds , scan time of 32 seconds , and memory utilization of 7 mb .
volterra is a city in tuscany , Italy .
recently , it was discovered that itch has similarities to pain , but also has distinct features .
the glycoprotein-rich mucous on the tongue makes it sticky and helps to catch ants and termites .
the same tram had derailed previously at starr gate loop on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , stand outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers offered food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in sarthe , in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern france .
if there are no land use regulations , buildings can be constructed along a bypass , making it a regular town road , and eventually it may become as congested as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is also a starting point for those wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are generally not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information from these web pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and they have poor vision .
chitin is the only material tougher than them .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his bigger woodcuts were usually commissioned work .
the historical method is how historians use primary sources and other evidence to study and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to be the reason for the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is the ability to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine .
it will then fall back to the ground to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans .
soon after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the storm became ragged .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book , "An Adventure," in 1911, with the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont .
he moved to london to focus on teaching .
brunstad has fast food restaurants , a cafeteria restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the captured area .
in 1438 trevi was given to the church as part of the legation of perugia , and later became part of the states of the church in 1860 , and then the united kingdom of italy .
on the 20th, the depression moved inland without any convection , and on the next day it caused heavy rains and flooding in brazil .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995 .
the band consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the middle east to use mosques to promote civic participation .
the characters are similar to pete and dud but with foul language .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before they released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver won the iowa secretary of state election .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy by two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade's action of defying the law sets off a chain of events , leading to the destruction of his colony's home and forcing them to migrate prematurely, separating him from them.
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with terminal abdominal cancer in 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the chess game played is speed chess , with each competitor having twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area drained by the amazon river and its tributaries in south america .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended along the east coast and as far inland as west virginia .
the owner tends to be unaware of these computers , so they are compared to zombies .
the wave crossed the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospels of matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century , eschelbronn is famous for its furniture industry .
the upper half is similar to the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
in contrast to earth 's clouds , which are made of ice crystals , neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals .
they are limited in their participation until they reach legal adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
in 1482 , the order sent him to florence , the 'city of his destiny'.
during the soviet era , two of rostov's main landmarks were demolished - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain , and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was proven in the miller-urey experiment of 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat .
the male " den master " sometimes allows a second male into the den , but the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css code snippet that can be enabled from the wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help with your involvement .
he was egypt's prime minister from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , although the reason for this is not known .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he served as an organist from at least 1615 until he died .
chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award and said he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers began to view the language and the culture associated with it as valuable , even if it is not adopted by the UN or other international organizations .
dry air around the southern side of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the United States .
eva braun , also known as eva hitler , was the companion and briefly wife of adolf hitler , who died in 1945 .
each license has a distinct version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register , but they must set a nickname before connecting .
in the same year , he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 will be a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually shown as bald with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern star .
some animals have the ability to change color in different environments, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their skin, such as the cephalopod family .
val venis won against rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental title , and pinned him after tazz hit him with a camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs , each doing one thing well , and working together through universal interfaces .
he grew up in a musical family; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at Yale.
the most significant populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in other countries around the world .
naas is a large suburban town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis had armor made of oval plates in its skin , with spikes coming out from the neck , shoulder and spine area .
origin irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in the hungarian capital while he planned the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add up to five words as front-cover text and up to 25 words as back-cover text to the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the tissue inside the hollow of bones .
reflection nebulae are often blue due to blue light scattering more efficiently than red light , the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur area .
macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted and runs out of time .
yvonne loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with advice from george benjamin after messiaen's death.
shi ' a muslims regard karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignation of the thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat governments , as they were accused of being controlled by thaksin .
however , traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable four wheel drive vehicle .
while in kahn, he was the lead architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes and leaves for rehearsal , along with dr. schön .
britpop emerged from the british indie music scene of the early 1990s and was identified by bands influenced by classic british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
these troops were assigned to battalions for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and has shorter trains .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the 11th biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous by israel .
some articles are long and detailed , while others are shorter and of lower quality .
there are approximately 95 species .
eugowra is named after an aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
phrases like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are commonly used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the power of government branches to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its citizens .
he composed several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , an overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
however , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for around 10 years .
gumbasia was made using a technique called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee , a lawyer , became mk sun's idol , and he grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a town located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators , the slide rule was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and a smaller size .
yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
other opinions on this topic have been suggested over the years , but none were accepted by mainstream christianity .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to his frequent talk about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's, and system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
caleb holt is a firefighter in albany, georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed in saudi arabia .
in 1913 , stravinsky thought of writing the ballet .
protests were suppressed nationwide .
offenbach's operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near chang ' an  modern xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  ( 1921 - 1968 ) was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore , or st. mary the greater , is the oldest existing church in assisi.
radar observations show that the characteristics are mostly iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine that covers global railway , metro , light rail and tram industries .
he was honored with the ch  title in 1988 .
loèche has the systems of onyx , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder containing matches with a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never give up the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume english-language manga series that follows graystripe from the time he is taken by twolegs in dawn until he returns to thunderclan in the sight.
syrians did not live in separate urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to meet with americans daily .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal furniture for gardens .
during childhood , she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from the australian national university has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum , due to the need for nest boxes .
the montreal canadiens are a professional hockey team based in montreal , canada .
small inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors .
the term ' gribble ' was first used to describe the wood-boring species from norway , limnoria lignorum , which was described by rathke in 1799 .
wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county was managed at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition .
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military bases on the harbor from the telephone exchange .
however , even those who enter a mosque without praying still need to follow the rules .
it is described to be pointy-faced and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work it can do , compared to the resources used .
the volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the area .
human skin can range from dark brown to pale pink .
bankers from shorebank in chicago aided yunus to officially incorporate the bank with a grant from the ford foundation.
bremer declared that saddam would be put on trial , but the details of the trial were not yet known .
members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , iran , pakistan and china border afghanistan .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule are special features of the design .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby .
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are also nearby .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964 .
a golden garland was added to the fourth ring in 1938-39, when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal system , apart from west germany 's , and issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , from 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's biggest city and capital .
the polymer used is often epoxy , but other polymers can also be used , such as polyester , vinyl ester , and nylon .
the name is still used as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website .
at 4.5 years old , he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern italy for the next 4 years , living in different orphanages and travelling with groups of other homeless children .
stands were added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised .
a town may still be called a market town , even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a fortification was built on the eastern side later .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson was killed in the battle of stiklestad in norway .
some have suggested that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticizing the stalin government of the soviet union .
this caused both montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css sparingly , and only with good reason .
schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots.
addiscombe is a suburb in croydon , england .
sometimes , another meaning of constituent is a citizen who lives in the area represented by a politician , and who voted for them .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving on templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year , titled "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory" by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming game series , starting with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said that quinine allowed colonists to go to the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
spectroscopic studies also showed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she became the editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters , has no moons and no atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas provide good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate , before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office if he or she has the support of the lower house .
rowling emphasizes this scene to show harry's bravery , as he retrieves cedric's corpse with selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , raf members jan-carl raspe , holger meins , and him were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb and facilities for pilgrims .
the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in a competition .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , around 300 km east of puerto rico .
these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery alongside frank gardiner , on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger .
heavy rain fell over parts of britain on october 5 , causing flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer for creating a live usb , and the user 's configuration and data can be saved if desired .
the seats were distributed in relation to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , with the fdp having 2 members , cvp having 2 members , sp having 2 members , and svp having 1 member .
a fee is the payment for services , such as an honorarium paid to a professional .
ohio state university has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's rule , but scotland managed to resist a norse invasion and negotiate a good peace treaty .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in 2000 , minix became free and open source software under a permissive license , however other operating systems had surpassed it by this time , making it primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color changes from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white , and can be marked with dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , symbolised by its thistle logo , scotland 's floral emblem .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards before being canceled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marines had used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of the combat .
the former gave viewers the information later supplied by intertitles , helping historians to understand how the film may have been like .
this is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded their surrender .
before the second game started , the press thought that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard .
in a promotional video for charity , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of character in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is an exam for college admissions in the us .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the creation of the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , sung by bands of flagellants .
some reports suggest that certain factors increase the risk of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years of transportation to australia .
waugh states that charles was looking for love when he first met sebastian , and found a "low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden" , which is a metaphor in the work.
her relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also significant .
the word dorsal refers to parts of an animal that are on or grow from its back side .
berzelius coined the term " protein ", after mulder found that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of a single large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in northwestern france .
the color can range from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , which curved north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park , before turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways line passed through the western edge of the simpson desert .
the town is located on an old portage trail which went west , through the mountains , to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy can be at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the region , with a varied landscape , from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on their website , google books , and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , and it must pass an internal audit and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , and again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
at ulm , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army , resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the austrians .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a hub for groundnut production and export .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .
in the 5th century, slavs began to move into the region .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new buildings were built on campus , including for dental and pharmacy programs , chemistry , natural sciences , hill auditorium , hospitals , libraries , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , united states .
arzashkun is the assyrian version of an armenian name ending in -ka , from the proper name arzash , similar to the name arsene , arsissa , given by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants , she was selected as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be designed and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired colombian trainer francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in iowa , united states .
she was also featured in music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979, glinde was granted town charter to commemorate its 750th anniversary .
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , now referred to as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance is needed to reduce a certain biological process, like an enzyme, cell, receptor, or microorganism, by half.
although the name suggests they are in the bernese oberland region of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in nearby cantons .
he had a daughter , mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , but not many people knew or remembered him .
the string can vibrate differently , like a guitar string , and each vibration appears as a different particle , such as an electron , photon , or gluon .
gable was also nominated for an academy award for his role as fletcher christian in the 1935 film mutiny on the bounty.
