one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mainly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam's holiest city , which all able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in neptune's methane cloud deck.
his next work , saturday , follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
The tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , then crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his might .
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
The dancers usually follow the drummer, playing the sogo, a tiny drum that produces almost no sound, and performing more intricate - even acrobatic - choreography.
the spacecraft contains two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after christiaan huygens .
alessandro mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
However , the bzö is different from the freedom party , as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
In its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
today nrc is organized as an independent , private foundation .
The city of Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so thailand will be decorated with yellow on his birthday .
Both names ended in 2007 when they combined into the national museum of scotland .
tagore imitated various styles , such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
She performed for president reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship, with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, then she and her husband went back to France.
despina was found in late July , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held at brescia on 4 september 1921.
he wrote two collections of short stories named the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
ophelia appears as an elongated object in the voyager 2 images , pointing towards uranus .
The British chose to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in South-East Western Australia don't follow Western Australia's official time.
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy , so he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark to stop him.
it is not a true louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met in person .
Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
Orton and his wife had a daughter named Alanna Marie on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center , a branch of the iau , oversees formal minor planet designations which are number-name combinations.
on september 30 , wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken .
Each entry holds a datum , a piece of data copied from the backing store.
therefore , both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque , even if many mosques do not enforce violations .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July, 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like past assessment reports , it has four reports , three from its working groups .
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris and their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and lots were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia , also called lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has worked in christian-themed productions , such as left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory, and he was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts from the gospel of matthew and luke.
Weelkes got in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior.
so far , ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The band announced the official release date of the resistance on 16 June 2009 on their website.
He is also in a boyband called 183 club.
hippolytus's apostolic tradition attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was gifted a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in graubünden , switzerland .
it goes on as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They are castrated so the animal may be more docile or put on weight faster.
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  special magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very uncommon and powerful .
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is in the tuscany region of Italy.
Recently , it was found that itch has many similarities with pain , but it also has some differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement and helps to catch ants and termites .
The tram had derailed at starr gate loop during previous trials .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson are outside the ground .
Find the square root of the variance .
Volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in northwestern france .
If there are no land use controls , buildings can be built along a bypass , changing it into an ordinary town road , and it may become as congested as the local streets it was supposed to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are rarely dangerous.
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information from these pages .
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George , the Elector of Hanover , who eventually became George I of Great Britain .
their eyes are small and their vision is bad.
They are tough, rivaled only by chitin as a biological material.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with oyster card .
He produced and published his works himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
Historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history through the historical method .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled as alliteracy , is the state of being able to read but not interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
it will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
Research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
today , landis' father is a big fan of his son and supports him greatly .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book called "An Adventure" in 1911 , under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused mostly on teaching others.
brunstad has multiple fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the temporal rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia, and afterwards its history merged with the States of the Church, and then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland and dissipated the next day over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
the band consists of flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east.
the characters are profane versions of their original characters pete and dud.
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band released a studio album .
In 1998 , culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier took the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990, with a single first-place vote giving him the win.
shade breaks the law and causes the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their migration and separating them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
The type of chess played is speed chess, with each competitor having twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
Damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner is unaware, so these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave crossed the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
The Associated Press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
Since the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
The clouds on Neptune are made of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of crystals of ice.
they cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  in the soviet years .
He died in Madrid on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
the miller-urey experiment in 1953 demonstrated this.
cogeneration  combined heat and power , chp  used a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will let in another male to the den ; the reason is unknown .
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños moved to the mainland , and the reasons for this vary .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and at first said he may not accept it .
Later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and its culture as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, who died on 30 April 1945, was the longtime companion and briefly wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a unique version number.
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
He also got a mechanics certificate that year, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by wwe that will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
He is usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response , changing color in different environments , either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is like the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
His mother was an administrative assistant and singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
the most populous mennonite populations are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites exist in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered among the people .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with many people living and working there.
acanthopholis had oval plates set almost horizontally into its skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia , Newberry and Laurens Railroad .
in contrast , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords .
before his release in 1474 , vlad stayed with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital while planning the reconquest of wallachia.
you may add up to five words on the front-cover and up to 25 words on the back-cover of the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more effective than red light, which is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts to get items to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something related to his personal life , making him run out of time .
messiaen finished most of the work when he died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to resign , accusing them of being proxies for thaksin .
Travel through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
At Kahn, he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves with dr. schön for rehearsal .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was combined into battalions for xi international brigade .
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and has shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772, which makes it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the righteous among the nations.
some articles are long and full of content while others are shorter and of lower quality .
95 species are currently accepted .
Eugowra is said to be named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources for the benefit of its native society .
he then created several other pieces about hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , was his idol , and mk sun became a lawyer .
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
before the pocket calculator , it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech , and a thinner profile .
Yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but none were accepted by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
in 2004 , suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened more canadian outlets than mcdonald's, and system-wide sales surpassed mcdonald's canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is called a living fossil .
In 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
offenbach's operettas like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
the instrument was reportedly hard to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries globally.
He was appointed ch in 1988.
loèche houses the installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder with matches inside and a coarse striking surface outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The three-volume OEL manga series Graystripe's Trilogy follows Graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban areas; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she had collapsed lungs twice as a child , pneumonia 4-5 times annually , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum due to the need for nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team in Montreal , Canada.
small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors .
the term gribble was first used to refer to the wood-boring species , particularly limnoria lignorum which was described by rathke in 1799 .
wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
After that , the county 's administration was held at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
No skater has landed a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
however , even people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without wanting to pray , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done compared to the time and resources used .
Some of the world's biggest reservoirs are located along the Volga.
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank , a community development bank in Chicago , aided Yunus in the official incorporation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation .
bremer announced plans to put saddam on trial, but said that the details of the trial had not been figured out yet.
The professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan , iran , pakistan and china .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 by bomis, inc.
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
West Berlin had its own postal administration different from West Germany's and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli from 1482.
new south wales's capital is sydney .
the most common polymer used is epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name continues as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlived the printed magazine .
At four-and-a-half years old, he was alone on the streets of northern Italy for four years, living in different orphanages and wandering through towns with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
a town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so still exists .
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway and was killed.
Some have thought that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union.
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false .
Addiscombe is in Croydon , England .
sometimes constituent refers to citizens who live in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician and who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone appeared in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series .
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a Berceuse for piano.
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa.
spectroscopic studies have also shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , pointing to a stony surface composition .
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters , has no moons and has no atmosphere .
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only if they have the support of the lower house.
rowling considers this scene significant because it displays harry's courage , and by rescuing cedric's body , he shows selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were arrested after a long fight in frankfurt .
They joined together to form new music manchester , a group focused on contemporary music .
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the home of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
In 2005 , Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse exist.
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , around 300 km away from puerto rico .
Therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they have images .
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner, on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, leading to flooding in certain areas.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and personal data if they choose .
The parties' seats in the federal assembly were distributed according to their relative strength, with the FDP having 2 members, the CVP having 2 members, the SP having 2 members, and the SVP having 1 member.
a fee is the payment for services , especially the money paid to a professional.
ohio state's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus.
iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland repulsed a norse invasion and negotiated a good peace settlement .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but other operating systems had already surpassed it and it stayed mainly as an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was a scottish enterprise , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter gave audiences the information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film could have been like .
That is because the assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used to raise capital and finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
Before the second game began , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character in marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that different factors can increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations .
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
waugh states that charles was searching for love when he encountered sebastian , and found a "low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden" , a metaphor that permeates the work .
Her friendship with the russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also important in her life.
the term dorsal refers to structures on or near the back of an animal.
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
After the Jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in france.
The color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was built , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
Before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
It is situated on an old portage trail which led west to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region, with a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
google then released the comic on google books and their site , and posted an explanation for the early release on its official blog .
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college , which is carefully monitored and requires official documentation before any changes are made .
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but did not gain much classroom adoption.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 in the Soviet Union , and again in 1994 in China and India .
mack surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm during the napoleonic wars , which resulted in napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it has been the economic centre of northern nigeria for a long time , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora won the band many awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, the Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as those for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
Name Arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, used by the ancients for part of Lake Van.
She was one of 15 candidates chosen out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the device can then be designed and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired renowned colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both lacked success .
Brighton is in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She also appeared in music videos such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter to commemorate the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline came back in the game boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now called "Mario's friend".
the vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to reduce a given biological process or component of a process by half.
The name suggests that the Bernese Oberland region is in the Canton of Bern, but parts of the Bernese Alps are in other cantons.
he had one daughter , mary ann fisher power , to ann e power .
In an interview , Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented that not many people remembered or knew about the artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
