The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of northern Rizeigat, Sudan, compose one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims are required to visit at least once in their life.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane clouds of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. Then he crawled away quickly to the east and pulled on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They share a culture with the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers are dancers, who usually carry a sogo, a small drum that produces little sound. They also perform more complex and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements: the Cassini Orbiter and the Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola, born 8 November 1942, is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
However, the bzö differs from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Pure dextromethorphan appears as a white powder.
Gaining admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent private foundation.
It is located at the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to be related to other racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so his birthday is celebrated with decorations of the color yellow throughout Thailand.
Both names became obsolete in 2007 when they merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated many styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy introduced the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House Series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, then returned to France with her husband.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from the Voyager 2 probe's images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
Other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors and the administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the turbulent waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations that are number-name combinations.
On September 30, wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, a piece of data, which is a copy of the datum in the storage.
As a result, when attending a mosque, both men and women must follow these guidelines.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, released in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, this one consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
This stamp became the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion, known as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River, later known as "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was later reprimanded for his heavy drinking and bad behavior by the Chichester Cathedral authorities.
The 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band announced the official release date of the Resistance on their website.
He is also a member of another boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus's apostolic tradition attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain at early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and vowed to defend France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
The incident has been discussed in reports concerning ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking reveals the 2009 version's install time of 52 seconds, scan time of 32 seconds, and memory utilization of 7 MB.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Historically, itch and pain were considered to be the same, but recent discoveries revealed that they have some similarities but also notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates the movements in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites.
The tram had derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in northwestern France.
Without land use regulations, buildings can be built along a bypass, converting it into a regular town road and causing it to become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
It is also a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia is responsible for the information in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have bad eyesight.
Other than chitin, they are the toughest biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an Oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, while mostly commissioning his larger woodcuts.
The historical method is how historians use primary sources and evidence to write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on Lake Vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being disinterested in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a medicine.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and / or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big supporter of his son and his biggest fan.
Shortly after reaching category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized.
The equilibrium wage is the price of a certain type of labor.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book called "An Adventure" in 1911, under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has many fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to protect the region he had conquered.
In 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia, and afterwards it was a part of the states of the church. In 1860 it became a part of the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band lineup consists of flynn on vocals and guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are a vulgar version of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, culver won the race for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law and unknowingly sets off a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, causing them to migrate and separate from him.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess with a total of twelve minutes per game.
The Amazon Basin is the region of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the coup and the massacre.
Moderate to severe damage reached the Atlantic coastline and West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is unaware.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Earth's clouds are made of ice crystals, but Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482 the order sent him to Florence, the "city of his destiny".
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks- St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 demonstrated this.
Cogeneration (CHP) is the use of a heat engine or power station to produce electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally the male "den master" will let a second male into the den, though the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a script that can be enabled from your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially refused to accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as important, even if it was not adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and wife.
Each version of the license is given a unique number.
An irc server does not need users to register an account, but a user must set a nickname to connect.
In the same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE which will take place on August 23, 2009 in Los Angeles.
Usually depicted as bald and with long whiskers, he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their skin, like the cephalopod family.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel Cage Match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship, pinning him after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together.
He came from a musical family, his mother was a singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but they can also be found in 51 countries across six continents.
naas is a major suburb of Dublin, with many people commuting to the city for work.
Acanthopholis had oval plates set into its skin with spikes along the neck, shoulder and spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while he made plans to retake Wallachia.
You may add a short passage of up to five words on the front cover, and a longer passage of up to 25 words on the back cover, to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because scattering is more effective for blue light than red, similar to the blue sky and red sunset.
monteux is a commune in southern france in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
Macgruber requests for objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is distracted by something from his personal life, causing him to run out of time.
Messiaen completed the work before he died, and Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the final movement with George Benjamin's help.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom they accused of being Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires careful planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop emerged in the early 1990s and was influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was incorporated into battalions formed for xi international brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by the state of Israel as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are lengthy and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are commonly used in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to serve the needs of its native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township located near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
On 18 June 2002, Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were also searching the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, the most used calculation tool in science and engineering was the slide rule.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech and is thinner at 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been suggested, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004 Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to his discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's, and system-wide sales also exceeded those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female performer in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that it has a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries.
In 1988, he was appointed companion of honour.
Loèche houses the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface, containing a quantity of matches.
She was among the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series that follows Graystripe from when he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not only live in urban areas, many peddlers were able to interact with Americans regularly.
He was also known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
As a child she had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University believes that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species, like Leadbeater's possum, due to the need for nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors.
The term 'gribble' was originally given to wood-boring species, especially Limnoria lignorum, which was first described in Norway by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterward, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is said to have a pointed face and is around the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the useful work it can do in relation to the time and resources used.
The Volga River has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus to officially incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details were not yet determined.
Professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design features key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve, born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements nearby include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig independently proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer usually used is epoxy, but other polymers can also be used.
The name remains as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old he was left to survive on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernised.
A town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer holds a market, if the right still exists.
Later, a bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway.
Others theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can also refer to citizens living in the area represented by a politician, or those who elected them.
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
In 2003, Stallone had a cameo appearance in the French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while driving up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the following year by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks a lot like the moon: it has many craters, regions of smooth plains, no satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
These provide ideal habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister can stay in office only if they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it displays Harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
The area is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain caused localized flooding in parts of Britain.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's settings and data can be saved.
Seats were distributed according to the parties' strengths in the federal assembly: FDP (2), CVP (2), SP (2), and SVP (1).
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as the honorarium paid to doctors, lawyers, consultants, or other professionals.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to repel a Norse invasion and negotiate a favorable peace agreement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software. However, other operating systems had already surpassed its capabilities, so it remained mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the creature varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolised by its thistle logo, which is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with information similar to intertitles and can help historians imagine the film.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to obtain capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan marched to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
The press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game had not been up to Veeck's standard.
In a video promoting charity, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
A mutant is a type of character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports state that various factors increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles was in search of love when he met Sebastian, finding a door that opened to an enchanted garden, which is a metaphor in Waugh's work.
She was also known for her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of a single large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in northwestern France.
The color is usually orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from Union Station and ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region, containing a diverse landscape from the mountainous Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college and must provide official proofs before it can be altered.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union, performing in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with them again in 1994, playing in China and India.
During the Napoleonic Wars, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, giving Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria's economy has long been centered around groundnut production and exports.
Most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman Brothers.
In the 5th century, slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus, such as dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa, used by the ancients to refer to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from 1993 to 2005.
The device can then be used in less harsh environments.
gimnasia hired renowned Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but they didn't have much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She also appeared in music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979 Glinde received its town charter to celebrate the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the 1994 remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is very elastic and can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
His exact date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps extend across multiple cantons, including Bern, Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
In that place he had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, baptized to Anne Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, sad that few people remembered him.
The string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string, producing different particles such as an electron, photon, and gluon.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
