The armed conflict on one side is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Mecca is the principal gateway to Islam's holiest city, which is required for able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on January 8, 1888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award, which has a value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo and have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft includes two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller holes.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
in 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is in its pure form, as a white powder.
Admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation today.
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by Sports Illustrated.
fives is a sport from England that is believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand, decorations will be in yellow color.
both names ceased to exist in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for president Reagan in 1988 and aired on the public broadcasting service in the great performances at the white house series.
Perry Saturn won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero with Chyna in an 8:10 decision.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was found in late July of 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the Voyager 2 images of Ophelia, she appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western Australia don't follow official western Australian time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that crap will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain Qwark, in an effort to stop crap.
it is not actually a louse.
He advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone who they've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
On July 12, 2008, orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton.
Formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center, a branch of the iau.
By early September, wind shear started to increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, although many mosques won't enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a book by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report, like previous assessment reports, consists of four reports- three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with giardia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper."
After he graduated, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in Matthew and Luke, specifically.
Weelkes later found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and excessive behavior.
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, and Paul O'Grady.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of the Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another boyband, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition states that early Christians sang hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain during Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a type of voice of america, voa, and special english.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
When 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte, consumers get confused.
The incident has been discussed in numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so the animal will be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
Passmark software benchmarked the 2009 version's 52-second install time, 32-second scan time, and 7-mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain haven't been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous and it catches ants and termites.
the same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary street, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown is also a starting point for people who want to explore Cape York Peninsula, the Atherton Tableland, and more.
Bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frederic Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and then write history.
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medication.
It will eat its food and then sink back to the river bed to digest it.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
today, landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
They were convinced that the grounds were haunted, so they decided to publish their findings in a book and an adventure under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morrison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London, devoting himself principally to teaching practicality.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of heat , and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation, while countries with a majority muslim population are less likely to do so.
The characters are similar foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan also played bass for the swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
because the owner is typically unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John, which were probably written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the logo also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
Until they reach legal adulthood, their participation is limited.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to be used.
Finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexius Cathedral in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to get you started.
he served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind and explanations for this vary; some say she was left behind because she was difficult to handle, while others say it was because the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had developed around it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12 .
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, died on February 6, 1945, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license is given a unique version number.
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In the same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as having a bald head and long whiskers, which is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument (the cephalopod family).
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera.
This philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
He was born from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in the largest population concentrations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major town in "Dublin suburb" naas, with many people living there and working in "Dublin."
Acanthopholis's armor consisted of oval plates set nearly horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin Imo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection Nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France. It is located in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through very remote areas usually requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle; usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
this was merged into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and full of content while others are shorter and may only contain stubs of information.
There are about 95 species accepted as of now.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like "underwear" and "movie" are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is derived from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha : the death of Minnehaha , Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure .
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in the style of Vorkapich, who taught kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian military on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator became popular, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Despite being a successful album, the album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
The company opened two times as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did with its IPO by March 2005, and System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and others are plot captains in the movie Fireproof and keep the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is an old-fashioned plant.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests in the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and in modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie Madeleine Demesseux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The characteristics of radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed an companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the interception installations of onyx, the Swiss system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and a matching cover.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
Vowing to never renounce the commune, she dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The graystripe trilogy has a three volume original English-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in the morning until he returned to ThunderClan in the sight .
samovar and porter, 1994, p. 84: Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice as a child, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and she had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The gribble was originally used to refer to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterward, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet completed a quadruple axel in a competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
However, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is accomplished by the computer system compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced plans to put Saddam Hussein on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Afghanistan all border each other.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal service, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting primavera is by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital.
Polymers are most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name of the magazine has survived as a brand for a related digital platform, digital radio station, and website.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be updated.
A town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
The bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, events occurred in Europe: The Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway, and Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals. He was killed in the battle.
others have hypothesized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only when necessary.
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
The term constituent can have two closely-related meanings: a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician; and a citizen who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also appeared in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory, by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
These attacks might have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
A historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a surface composition of rocks.
She became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
In 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together they created new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, specifically as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers from Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery while with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
In approximate relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: the free democratic party, FDP: 2 members, the Christian democratic people's party, CVP: 2 members, the social democratic party, SP: 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party, SVP: 1 member.
a fee is the amount one pays as remuneration for services , especially the fee paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on their Columbus campus.
In other news, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body's color can vary from a light brown to a goldish color to a beige color; and occasionally, there are dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was mainly Scottish, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 covered an area southwards as Jose intensified, before it was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles later provided audiences with the information they needed, and helped historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
Before the game started, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels.
her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also important in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on or near the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months escaping capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
The extension was added in 1963, going north from Union Station and curving along University Avenue and Queen's Park before turning west and terminating at St. George and Bloor Streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed by the western side of the Simpson Desert.
Unalakleet is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of having an arrhythmia or a sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in Central America, and it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
google made the comic available on google books and their site early, and mentioned it on its official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before they are changed.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack Surrenders His Army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, Reaping Napoleon Over 30,000 Prisoners and Incurring 10,000 Casualties on the Losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time, and it is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages- Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora received multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting process, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both of them had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Denmark, Glinde received its town charter.
In 1994, pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong, and in 2006, she returned in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, although she is now described as "Mario's friend."
The vagina is elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
his date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be in the range of 1935-1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibits a given biological process or component by half.
Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
