One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which is compulsory for able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune is thought to be a hole in the cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 8, 1888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and often have more elaborate and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was originally thought that the debris that was thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. When he graduated, he had a Bachelor of Anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs a bit from the Freedom Party, which is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as European settlement grew.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is found as a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " Sportsman of the Year " by Sports Illustrated.
fives is a British sport that is believed to have originated from the same roots as racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand, it will be decorated with yellow color.
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including crafts from northern New Ireland, carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for president Ronald Reagan in 1988. In 's series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn beat Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927. When she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia is seen in the Voyager 2 images as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank is afraid that dirt will destroy the galaxy and he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain Qwark in an effort to stop it.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design more mainstream.
It is theoretically possible that other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone halfway around the world they've never met in person.
Working Group I: assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain, part of the Hebrides, is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30 and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report, like the previous assessment reports, consists of four reports: three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with giardia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine. This causes giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River. Later, it was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and Luke, specifically.
Weelkes was later to get in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
So far, the ' celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another K-Pop group, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape feasts.
Rollo swore allegiance to Charles in return for protection of the Northern region of France. He then converted to Christianity and undertook to defend the area against other Viking groups.
it is a special English version of the voice of America.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district located in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues to be the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
The incident has been the focus of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal will be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
seventh sons have specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
Benchmarking conducted by passmark software showed the 2009 version taking 52 seconds to install and scanning in 32 seconds. It also used 7mb of memory.
volterra is a town located in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because there is glycoprotein-rich mucous present which helps to move in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road. Eventually, the bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
The Cooktown Visitor Centre is also a great starting point for people wanting to explore the Cape York Peninsula, Atherton Tableland, and Cooktown.
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way whatsoever can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on an oyster card.
He produced and published these works himself, whilst commissioning much larger woodcuts.
The historical method is comprised of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
After eating, the snake will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father has become a big fan of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after becoming a Category 4 storm, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price.
They were convinced that the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book as an adventure in 1911, under the pseudonym of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, where he devoted himself mainly to practical teaching.
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia. Afterwards its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th without convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil. This caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band comprises flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
the characters are crude and vulgar extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist for the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall. However, before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
Mark Messier took the Hart by a margin of two votes in 1990. The difference being a single first-place vote.
Shade sets the plot of the novel in motion when he defies the law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played. Each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon basin is the part of south America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 and 1980 coup d'état.
Significant damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John. Probably written between AD 65-100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Unlike Earth's clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood.
Releases are stable, but they are rare. Subversion snapshots are stable enough to be used.
Finally, in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral, 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan, 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey Experiment demonstrated this in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, a male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a small javascript or css snippet that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences.
Below are some helpful links if you're interested in getting involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind with no explanations for this variance. When the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto was never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
By early on September 12, the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone stripped away most of the deep convection.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on February 6, 1912 – April 30, 1945, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a different version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected.
In the same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have a chromatic response, changing color in different environments either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument, the cephalopod family.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
This philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He was born into a musical family- his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest population of mennonites are found in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes jutting out from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin-Imo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills that propose by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You are allowed to add up to five words as a front-cover text and 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue located inside of bones.
reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern France. It is located in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for objects that can defuse the bomb, but is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life which makes him run out of time.
This work was substantially completed when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the Thai government of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Travel through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
While at Kahn he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi international brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772 which makes it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
There are about 95 species that are currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word for "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "underwear" and "movie" are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha. The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, became his idol and Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Prior to the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position. While only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleiman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March" Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and strongly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration by Igor Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were suppressed by the government.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, and light rail industries worldwide.
He was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the interception stations for electronic intelligence gathering, known as onyx.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in the dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
As a child, she had collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like the Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally used to describe the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds inflicted by a club are often referred to as blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterward, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
The fox is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by the amount of work done by the computer system compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier, a symbol of the monasteries of the region, is present on the coat of arms.
Human skin hues can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported that plans to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Professional hockey writers ' Association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan border each other to the north, west, south, and east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a complex key schedule and key-dependent s-boxes.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was proposed independently by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 / 1939 when the column was moved to its present location.
west Berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, The Primavera, is by the Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name of the magazine has been preserved through a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roamed through towns with other homeless children.
Goals were eventually added behind each set of stands during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or it may still have market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, events took place in Europe when the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost the battle to his pagan vassals, and was subsequently killed.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly if needed, but only for a good reason.
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician. This can only be applied to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding on the templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
Wario's first game was Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario series.
Frederic Chopin's Opus 57 is a soothing berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin.
A historian has said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , Nigeria and other parts of West Africa ".
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates that the surface composition is rocky.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's work for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is only in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Together they formed Manchester , a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the location of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its original condition.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is located in Essex County in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been documented.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean. It is approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of the United Kingdom on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. This allows the user to save their configuration and personal data if desired.
In relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
a fee is the price one pays for services, like a doctor's honorarium.
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, Minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the tortoise varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Occasionally, tortoises are marked with dark brown spots on their limbs.
The britannica was created in Scotland, as is evident by the thistle logo.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southward as Hurricane Jose intensified. 
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The later provided audiences with information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced towards the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
Before the game had even started, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to par with usual promotional standards.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been "in search of love in those days" when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden" which informs the work on a number of levels.
Her infamous friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France.
The colour of a banana ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added stretching north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson Desert.
The town is located on an old portage trail which lead west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in Central America, and it encompassed a vast and varied landscape. From the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and their site. They also mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully looked over and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but it took a long time for it to be adopted in classrooms.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the ipo again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time, and it is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora received multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancient Greeks to part of Lake Van.
Of the 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana, but he had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
moreover, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, it received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994. Later, in 2006, mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis was released, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be in the range of 1935-1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a substance an inhibitor needs to inhibit a given biological process or component.
Although the name suggests they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are located in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can, and every mode will show up as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon.
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935 's Mutiny on the Bounty.
