The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia from the Abbala tribes, make up one side of the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their life.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud layer.
His next work, "Saturday," follows a busy day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength.
Six weeks later, he died on January 13, 888.
These people are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 also receives the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers come the dancers, who usually play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes little sound, and their choreography is more intricate and acrobatic.
The spacecraft has two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Sandro Mazzola, born on November 8, 1942, is a former Italian football player.
It was thought that the debris from the collision filled the smaller craters.
Graham studied at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and earned a BA in Anthropology.
The BZÖ is different from the Freedom Party since it supports a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the Baltic Sea coast, which encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport that is believed to come from the same source as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so on his birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names disappeared in 2007 when they were combined into the National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore copied a lot of styles, like craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in the PBS series "Great Performances at the White House" in 1988.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband stayed in the US until 1927, then returned to France.
Despina was found in July 1989 from the Voyager 2 probe's images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in Voyager 2 images, with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not use official Western Australia time.
Shell pieces have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes in mosaics and inlays.
The other cities in the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not really a louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development and encourages interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working group i evaluates the scientific elements of climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, and it is separated from Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a baby girl on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, assigns numbers and names to minor planets.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Every entry has a datum which is a duplicate of the datum in the storage system.
Therefore, when attending a mosque, both men and women must follow these guidelines, even if the mosque does not enforce them.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques from 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born July 10th, 1988, plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like before, it has four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's rule, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has also appeared in Christian-themed movies like "Left Behind: The Movie," "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force" and "Left Behind: World at War," where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan and taught at the conservatory. Later, he was chosen to be the artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes got in trouble for his drinking and bad behavior with the chichester cathedral authorities.
So far, celebrities on the show have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken near Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the Resistance's release date was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 Club.
Early Christian agape feasts sang Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and defended northern France from other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Disney got a big Oscar statue and seven small ones, given to him by Shirley Temple who was 10 years old.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an area in the Swiss canton of graubünden.
It goes on as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
People get confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer or help it gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special powers and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark software's benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb of memory usage.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Until recently, itch and pain were not thought of as separate sensations, but now it is known that they have similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky because of mucous that lubricates movement and sticks to ants and termites.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during earlier tests on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave out food, blankets, water, toys, massages and had a rock band play for the stadium attendees.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
If land use controls are absent, buildings can be constructed along a bypass, making it an ordinary town road and it can become congested like the streets it was meant to avoid.
It is also a place to begin exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information.
George Frideric Handel worked as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are tiny and their vision is poor.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin in terms of biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He published and created his own works, and most of his woodcuts were commissioned.
Historians use certain techniques and rules to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the ice on lake Vostok is thought to be a factor in the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the ability to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used in medicine.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for the next meal.
Research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it includes someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of his son and supports him.
The hurricane quickly became disorganized after reaching category 4 status.
The equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book about their adventure in 1911, using the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has many fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's rule and its history was tied to the states of the Church until 1860 when it joined the Italian Kingdom.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused flooding and heavy rains in Brazil before dissipating the following day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a small Muslim population are likely to use mosques to encourage civic involvement more than Muslim majority countries in the Middle East.
The characters are similar to Pete and Dud and they are very rude.
Johan was the first bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy with two more votes than Ray Bourque, which was one first-place vote.
Shade's impulsiveness causes a series of events which leads to the destruction of his colony's home and their forced migration, separating him from them.
the female version is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with terminal abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm came, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
Speed chess is played with each competitor having twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is the area of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two ex-presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage was moderate to severe up the Atlantic coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner usually does not know, so these computers are compared to zombies.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and formed into a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated each year, as an example.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture making industry since the late 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the old Oberbarnim district.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on Earth which are made of ice.
They cannot participate until they are legally adults.
Stable releases of development are rare, but there are usually subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the "city of his destiny".
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks during the Soviet era.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in their 1953 Miller-Urey experiment.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is when a heat engine or power station is used to make both electricity and useful heat.
The male "den master" sometimes allows a second male into the den, but it is unknown why.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS code that can be activated by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the other Nicoleños were relocated to the mainland, and the reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he was an organist there until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and first said he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as important, even if it is not accepted by international organizations.
The dry air around the cyclone's southern edge weakened the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife from 1912 to 1945.
Each license has a different version number.
Most irc servers don't need users to register an account, but a user must set a nickname before connecting.
He also earned a mechanics certificate that year, making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event happening on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
He is usually shown as bald and with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals can change color depending on their environment, like the ermine and snowshoe hare, or quickly with chromatophores like cephalopods.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship against Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This is like the Unix philosophy of having many programs do one thing well and working together using universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother was a singer and admin assistant and his father was a band director at Yale.
The biggest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, Congo and the U.S., but they also live in small communities in 51 countries on six continents or spread out in those countries.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes along its neck and spine.
Origin Irmo was created on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad stayed with his wife in a home in the Hungarian capital while he planned to retake Wallachia.
You can add up to five words to the front cover and up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the spongy tissue in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light, which also causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber asks for items to defuse the bomb, but he is usually distracted by something about his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with help from George Benjamin when Messiaen passed away.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom they said were proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas often requires planning and a reliable 4-wheel drive vehicle.
Kahn's chief architect was the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and has to leave for rehearsal, so he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop music originated from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was inspired by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
These battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was acknowledged by Israel as a Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and full of content, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
Approximately 95 species are accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after an Aboriginal phrase meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Words like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are used often in English.
Jurisdiction is determined by public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of government to meet the needs of its people.
He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha, like The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was created using the kinesthetic film principles style taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol, and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also mining in the Peel River and up the mountain sides.
Before pocket calculators, the most used tool for calculations was in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and is thinner than before.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Different ideas about the subject have been suggested throughout history, but none were accepted by main Christian groups.
The album was banned from many stores across the nation.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman stopped Howard Stern's radio show from playing on four Citadel stations due to Stern's frequent talks about joining Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and their system-wide sales surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and he follows the rule of never leaving his partner behind.
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is thought of as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
Most people said the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore, also known as St. Mary the Greater, is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine about railways, metro, light rail, and trams all around the world.
He was given the Companion of Honour CH in 1988.
Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, is located in Loèche.
A matchbook is a small folder with matches inside and a rough surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume manga series that follows him between when he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live together in cities; many immigrants who were peddlers could meet Americans daily.
He was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture for gardens.
She had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia multiple times, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for Leadbeater's Possum and other hollow-dependent species.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team based in Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes as transistors.
The word gribble was first used for the wood-boring species from Norway in 1799.
The wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration was held at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition.
The telephone exchange allowed the port jackson district commandant to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even those who enter a mosque without praying must still follow the rules.
It is said to have a pointed face and be the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work is done compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found on the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the area.
Human skin colors can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the bank's incorporation with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced plans to try Saddam, but said the details were not yet decided.
The all-star team is voted for by professional hockey writers' association representatives at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan are to the north, west, south and east of Afghanistan, respectively, and are bordered by Iran, Pakistan and China.
Nupedia was created by Bomis, Inc. on March 9th, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve, born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal system and issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other materials such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon may be used.
The name still exists as a brand for a related digital TV channel, digital radio station, and website which have continued after the magazine stopped being printed.
At 4.5 years old, he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next 4 years, living in orphanages and moving around towns with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
a town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Some people think that the NKVD punished Tresca for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup carefully and only for a good reason.
schuschnigg immediately said publicly that reports of riots were not true.
Addiscombe is a suburb in London's Croydon borough.
Depending on the context, constituent can also mean a citizen that is represented by a politician, usually one who voted for them.
Prunk is a part of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with an arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were put in a book the following year called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming game that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano solo called "Berceuse".
These attacks may be psychological instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to settle in the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have also shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon with its craters, plains and no moons or atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were caught after a long battle in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused destruction in the Florida Keys due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is there, and there are facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to do the triple axel jump in a competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine pipefish species and nine seahorse species have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared unless they are changed if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in a robbery with Frank Gardner.
It rained heavily on October 5 in some parts of Britain, leading to flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer that makes a live USB where the user can save their settings and data if they want to.
The seats were divided depending on each party's representation in the federal assembly, with the FDP receiving 2, the CVP receiving 2, the SP receiving 2, and the SVP receiving 1.
A fee is the payment for services, especially an honorarium paid to a professional.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland defended against a Norwegian invasion and made a good agreement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software but by then other operating systems had surpassed it, so it was mostly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color can range from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and sometimes has dark brown spots, mostly on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, symbolized by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southward as Jose intensified, and then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders admitted to using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards in the early stages of battle.
The former gave viewers details that intertitles later provided and can help historians imagine what the movie was like.
This is because assets in the third world cannot be used as security to get money for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender.
Before the second game began, the press agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" stunt was not as successful as other promotions.
Joss Whedon said in a video promoting Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of character seen in Marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a test used for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created geisslerlieder, musical songs sung by flagellants.
Reports say that certain factors increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles was in search of love when he met Sebastian and found a low door in the wall which opened to an enchanted garden, a metaphor that is seen in the work.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The word "dorsal" means parts that are located on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder saw that all proteins had the same formula and could be made from one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color varies from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the route, going north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park, then west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line went through the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old path to the mountains which leads to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may be at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
The largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it included mountainous regions and semi-arid plains.
Google made the comic available on their site and Google Books, and announced it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it needs official proof before being changed.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union and in 1994, he toured with the IPO in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, giving Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties for the Austrians.
Northern Nigeria's economy has been driven by groundnuts for a long time.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
After a short standoff, the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs began migrating to the region.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, such as for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, a hospital, library, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun seems to be an Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka, which is formed from the proper name arzash that was used by the ancients to refer to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to be on the TV show.
The show aired on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be created and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She also starred in many music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was given its town charter for its 750th anniversary.
Pauline reappeared in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, though she is now referred to as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
His exact birthdate is unknown, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measurement shows how much of a substance is needed to reduce a process by half.
Although the name implies they are in the Bernese Oberland region of Bern, parts of the Bernese Alps are in five other cantons.
He had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E. Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists, but few people remembered him.
The string can vibrate in different ways like a guitar string, and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie Mutiny on the Bounty.
