One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Mecca is Islam's holiest city and able-bodied Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
On January 888, he died.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal since 2000 has also been given the colin mears award.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo and tend to have more elaborate and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with european settlement.
in 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Tsinghua University is very competitive in terms of admission.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year ."
fives is a British sport thought to have originated from the same roots as racquet sports.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, on his birthday, yellow decorations will be present.
both names were defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Notwithstanding, tagore emulated numerous styles - including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
In 1988, she performed for president Reagan at the White House Series.
Perry Saturn (with Terri) defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship was held on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
The image of Ophelia appears elongated as it points towards Uranus in the image taken by the Voyager 2 space probe.
They eliminated him and took the land by force.
Some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
Pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays on walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Ratchet helps clank find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
The working group assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system.
The island chain is part of the hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30, and a weakening trend began by early on September 30.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
Compliance with these guidelines is required both for men and women when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988.
The report is made up of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia and giardia duodenalis are flagellated protozoan parasites that cause giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area east of the mouth of the Vistula River was later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behaviour.
So far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott on images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape Feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles in return for protection, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
America's voice is voa  special english
Disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte.
The incident has been reported on extensively as to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal will be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
Passmark software benchmarked the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of mucous and ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass.
Cooktown is also a starting point for people wanting to explore the atherton tableland, cape york peninsula, and cooktown.
Bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are only rivaled as biological materials in toughness by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
TICKETS CAN BE REWARDED FOR NATIONAL RAIL SERVICES, THE DOCKLANDS LIGHT RAILWAY AND ON OYSTER CARD.
He produced and published himself, whilst his woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap sits on top of lake Vostok, which is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it.
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical.
The snake will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is wage.
They were convinced that the grounds were haunted, and so they decided to publish their findings in a book in 1911, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several restaurants, including a fast food restaurant, cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then with the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are similar to their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist for hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
In 1990, mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm.
Speed chess is the form of chess played.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner of these computers is unaware, so they are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the coat of arms also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Releases are rare, but snapshots that are stable are often used.
In 1482, finally, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
Between 1917-1922, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks--St. Alexius Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment was demonstrated by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to get you involved.
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
Nicoleños who were not moved to the mainland were left behind.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal.
chauvin initially indicated that he may not accept his award.
After Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, they started to see esperanto as an alternative to other international organizations.
By early on September 12, dry air had wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone and had eroded most of the deep convection.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on February 6, 1912 – April 30, 1945 was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
The license versions are given a distinguishing version number.
Most irc servers don't require users to register an account.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument - the cephalopod family.
Venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10.
This philosophy closely resembles Unix.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Menonite Christians are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Menonite Christians can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb town, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area.
The railroad company irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in bones.
Blue reflection nebulae are usually seen because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france, in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
To travel through very remote areas, one requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It is the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are long and in-depth while others are shorter and may be rough around the edges.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is located in Cowra, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
It was the most commonly used calculation tool before the advent of the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries. See below for a list.
The album was banned from many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
Accounts say the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The composition of the metal is fairly pure iron-nickel.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, and light rail industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche has the interception installations for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder with a matchcover enclosing a quantity of matches.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Syrians didn't live in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Australian National University's David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable and leadbeater's possum are among those species that depend on hollow trees.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Inductors can also be built on integrated circuits.
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Wounds inflicted with a club are generally called blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules that apply.
It is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work is done in a shorter amount of time.
Some of the largest reservoirs can be found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can have a range of colors, from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank.
Bremer reported that Saddam Hussein would be put on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided.
The representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and China border one another.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
The quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, called the primavera, is by the Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, in the year 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survived as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were eventually added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town with market rights can still be correctly described as a market town.
The bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
events in Europe on July 29 — the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway: Olav Haraldsson is killed by his pagan vassals.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
HTML and CSS should be used sparingly.
Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb of the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew shot the scene while riding on a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot it north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
Frederic Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
Attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
A historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
Hurricane Irma caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine is now also a facility and accommodation for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell on October 5 across portions of Britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party (fdp): 2 members, christian democratic people's party (cvp): 2 members, social democratic party (sp): 2 members, and swiss people's party (svp): 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as those provided by a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily Scottish, as illustrated by its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified, before it was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union-Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The later provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles. This can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because third world businesses cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standards.
In a short video promoting the charity equality now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely.
His sentence was for transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also important.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated on or grow off that side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months avoiding capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added to union station, curving north from it to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The city is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
It encompassed a vast and varied landscape in the largest sub-region in mesoamerica.
Google later made the comic available on Google Books and their site.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully reviewed and require official proofs.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994.
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack Surrenders His Army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, Reaping Napoleon Over 30,000 Prisoners and Inflicting 10,000 Casualties on the Losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
Meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
The majority of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
Furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "mario's friend".
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or other substance inhibits a given biological process or component by half.
Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and every mode looks like a different particle.
gable was nominated for an academy award when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
