The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the Northern Rizeigat region in Sudan, compose one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and crawled away east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
they are related to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo and have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö is different from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century with European settlement.
In 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is competitive.
Today, NRC is organised as an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday Thailand will be decorated with yellow.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He also completed two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow Western Australian time.
In architectural decoration, pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop drek.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met.
Working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center, an IAU branch.
Wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began on September 30.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was later in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and behavior.
So far the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, mentions the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended the northern region of France against other viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
The incident has been the subject of reports on ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be docile or may gain weight quickly.
seventh sons have strong "knacks", specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain were not considered independent until recently, when it was found that itch has similarities with pain, but also differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites .
The same tram had derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in northwestern France.
If there are no land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, making it an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become congested.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected to Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
They are rivaled in toughness by chitin.
Oregano is an important ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on Oyster Card.
He produced and published his works himself, whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method includes techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but being uninterested.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a drug.
it will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, landis' father is a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book in 1911 under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, focusing on practical teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia, and then merged with the States of the Church, and in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by two votes, the difference being one first-place vote.
Shade defies the law, initiating a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner tends to be unaware, so these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, probably written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the 19th century, Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Unlike the clouds on earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they become adults.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally in 1482 the order sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally the male " den master " will also let a second male into the den; the reason is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, with explanations for this varying.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and indicated he may not accept it.
Later, esperanto speakers viewed the language and the culture around it as goals in themselves, even if esperanto is never adopted by international organizations.
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded the deep convection by early on september 12 .
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945 and was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license is given a version number.
Most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting.
That same year he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
a few animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their integument.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
this follows the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States, but they can also be found in communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered among the people of those countries.
naas is a major "dublin suburb" town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
Acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes on the neck and shoulder area and spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad resided with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the tissue found in the interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red, which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber asks for objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted and runs out of time.
This was almost finished when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod completed the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca, medina, jerusalem, and najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, accusing them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
While at Kahn he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by the State of Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with other pieces about Hiawatha: the death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju with a population of .
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years.
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, became his idol, and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator , it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced to 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore St. Mary the Greater is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries.
He was appointed companion of honour  CH  in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing matches and having a striking surface on the exterior.
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Oel manga series Graystripe's trilogy follows Graystripe between being taken by twolegs in Dawn and returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not group in urban areas; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers could interact with Americans daily.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs twice, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that make transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
the wounds inflicted by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
thereafter the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
However, even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow rules.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, aided Yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details had not been determined.
Representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc, a web portal company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve, born 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, the quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which survived the demise of the magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for four years, living in orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of homeless children.
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernised.
a town may be called a market town or having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, as long as the right still exists.
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway took place where Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly and only with reason.
schuschnigg publicly responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another meaning of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the next year titled "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian stated that quinine's efficacy gave colonists opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She became the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the moon : it is cratered with smooth plains , has no moons and no atmosphere .
Geographically, the town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only as long as they keep the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery, and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and other RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb, where the user's configuration and data can be saved if desired.
In relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: FDP: 2 members, CVP: 2 members, SP: 2 members, and SVP: 1 member.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially the honorarium paid to a professional.
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, while Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software license, but other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, so it was mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish enterprise, as symbolised by its thistle logo, the flower of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with the information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine the film.
That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He fled from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
Before the second game began, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a video promoting the charity equality now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been searching for love when he first met Sebastian and found "that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden", a metaphor that appears throughout the work.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are on or grow off that side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west and ended at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
The largest sub-region in mesoamerica, it covered a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, which is carefully audited and requires official proofs before being changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars, resulting in Napoleon taking over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the defeated.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria, and a centre for groundnuts production and export.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora won multiple awards and honors.
After a stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, including for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash, which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa, used by the ancients to describe part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates for the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from its premiere on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can then be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired famed colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
Furthermore, she was in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde received its town charter on the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina is elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of a drug or substance is needed to inhibit a biological process or component by half.
Although the name suggests that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of Bern, parts of the Bernese Alps are in Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
