The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia group are mainly composed of the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once.
The great dark spot represents a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula attached a black cord to the ball and crawled away fast to the east, pulling it with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people are culturally similar to those of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 has been presented with the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a tiny drum with almost no sound, and have elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements, the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and is an Italian former football player.
The collision threw up debris which filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as it favors a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is competitive.
Today NRC is organised as an independent private foundation.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow color.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they merged into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from Northern New Ireland, Haida carvings, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House series, airing on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He completed two collections of short stories.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in the Voyager 2 images, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process and popularizing interaction design.
The editors and administrator who blocked you may be part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
Working group i assesses scientific aspects of climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides form an island chain separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the iau, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and a weakening trend began on September 30.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in a backing store.
Both men and women must adhere to guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and her brother Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films 'Left Behind'.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan after graduation and was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes found himself in trouble with the Chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and behaviour.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan have appeared in 'celebrity' episodes so far.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of the Resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of another boyband 183 club.
The apostolic tradition attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France against other viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Switzerland.
The area is called Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 1 mb is referenced as 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been made about ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal docile or gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" and seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking highlights the 2009 version's install time, scan time, and memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain have recently been considered independent of each other, and it was found that itch shares features with pain but also has differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and catches ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages and a rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Buildings are built along a bypass if there are no land use controls, converting it into an ordinary town road and causing congestion.
People wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland can start here.
Bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
None of the people connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster Card.
He produced and published his own works, and commissioned larger woodcuts.
The historical method uses primary sources and evidence to research and write history.
The continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to contribute to high oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound.
It will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Landis' father is a big fan of his son Floyd.
After attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
They decided to publish their findings in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He settled in London and devoted himself to teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in NYC from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
The characters are extensions of Pete and Dud with foul mouths.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he quit before they released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes.
Shade defies the law, initiating a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is unaware.
A wave traveled across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane, unlike earth's clouds which are made up of ice crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases of development are rare, but there are often stable snapshots from subversion.
The order dispatched him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment demonstrated this in 1953.
cogeneration combines heat and power, known as chp.
A male "den master" sometimes allows a second male into the den, but the reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a snippet of JavaScript or CSS that can be enabled in the Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he served as an organist until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and its culture as ends in themselves, even if the language is never adopted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection of the cyclone by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, better known as Eva Hitler, died in 1945.
Each version of the license is given a number.
Most irc servers do not require users to register an account, but they must set a nickname to be connected.
He received a mechanics certificate in that same year, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming WWE pay-per-view event on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
Usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals change color in different environments, such as ermine and snowshoe hares seasonally, or cephalopods with chromatophores rapidly.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
This resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together.
He came from a musical family.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but they can also be found in other countries.
naas is a major town with many people living and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates with spikes protruding from the neck, shoulders, and spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad resided with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to efficient scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in southern France's Vaucluse department.
Macgruber starts asking for objects to defuse the bomb but is distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin when Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of the three governments accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Travel through very remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn appointed him chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
This was absorbed into battalions for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by the State of Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" and "movie" are oft-heard in English.
Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of government to allocate resources.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including "The Death of Minnehaha," "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha," and "Hiawatha's Departure."
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Vorkapich taught a style called kinesthetic film principles and created Gumbasia.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol and MK Sun became a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was the most commonly used calculation tool before the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness.
Yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing his frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the rule "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were extremely popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with the tang dynasty symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry worldwide.
He was appointed CH in 1988.
Loèche harbours Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder enclosing matches and having a striking surface on the exterior.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume original English-language manga series between the time he was taken by twolegs and his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was assigned to wood-boring species, especially Limnoria lignorum from Norway.
The wounds inflicted by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet done a quadruple axel in competition.
The commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Those entering the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow rules.
It is described as pointed and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished compared to the resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolises the region's monasteries.
Human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate his bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed the details had not been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby union as a back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil exist.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is often epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he lived on the streets of northern Italy for four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly.
schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in England.
Constituents can be citizens who elected a politician or citizens residing in an area served by the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
A book titled Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory was published the next year by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for piano.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
Historians state that quinine gave colonists opportunities to swarm into West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the moon and has no natural satellites or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only with the support of the lower house.
This scene is important to Rowling because Harry shows bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were apprehended after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge affected the region.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is located at the site, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the Caribbean east of Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be distributed without manipulation if they have images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell in Britain on October 5, causing floods.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb.
The seats were distributed as 2 members for the FDP, 2 for the CVP, 2 for the SP, and 1 for the SVP in relation to their strength in the federal assembly.
One pays a fee as remuneration for services, especially for the honorarium paid to professionals.
Ohio State has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norwegian overlordship, but Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and negotiated a peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software, but it had been surpassed by other operating systems and was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal varies and is occasionally marked with dark brown spots.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolised by its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with information later provided by intertitles.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
The press agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to veeck's standard before the second game began.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a video promoting Equality Now.
A mutant is a type of fictional character found in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the US.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by flagellants.
Various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Waugh wrote that Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian and found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enclosed and enchanted garden", which informs the work.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to structures situated or growing on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be composed of a single type of large molecule.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie Raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color of the object ranges from orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added in 1963, curving north and terminating at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the west side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica was a vast and varied landscape, from the sierra madre to the plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on its platforms and blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college and it requires official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but had little classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, giving Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic centre and a hub for groundnut production and exports.
Most South Indians speak a Dravidian language.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a stand-off.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun seems to be an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen among 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from 1993 to 2005.
The device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in 1994's Donkey Kong game boy remake and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, where she is described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His date of birth is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are in the Bernese Oberland region and other cantons.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists during an interview.
The string can vibrate in different modes and appear as different particles, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
