one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must go to at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a very eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord , attached it to the ball , and quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he passed away six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum that makes almost no sound  and usually have more intricate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is an ex-football player from Italy.
it was originally believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, and he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was put into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very hard .
now nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it lies at the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also called 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday everywhere in thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names were abolished in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .
however, tagore copied many styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada's british columbia, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship, with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also finished two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia looks like an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use official western australian time .
in architectural decoration , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to make mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula that are incorporated are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not really a true louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a plot against someone far away they have never met in person .
working group i evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations monitored by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear rose sharply and a weakening trend started .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
therefore , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when going to a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser ( born 10 july , 1988 ) is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it includes four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot, named after pierre curie, is a renowned biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion called the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
additionally , cameron has frequently acted in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes named " prussia proper " .
after graduation he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was chosen as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke.
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , shows that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to protect the northern region of france from the invasions of other viking groups .
it is from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports concerning ethics in scholarship .
they are neutered so that the animal may be calmer or may gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  special magical powers  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
until recently , the sensations of itch and pain were not seen as separate , but it was discovered that itch shares some features with pain , yet has distinct differences .
the tongue is sticky due to the glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , making them stick to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier tests .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as crowded as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are very small , and their vision is bad .
they are matched as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a necessary ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
he made and published these works himself , while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines that historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap above lake vostok is believed to lead to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as medicine .
it will then detach itself and fall back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
nowadays , landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , with the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , devoting himself mostly to practical teaching .
brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and afterwards its history was connected with that of the states of the church , and then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th without convection , and it dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the present lineup of the band includes flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to encourage civic participation .
the characters are sweary versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade breaks the law impulsively , which starts the main plot of the novel and leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their early migration , and his separation from them .
the female version is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later individually charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage reached the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically likened to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for instance , the stylebook of the associated press is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , likely written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
their involvement is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953.
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will permit a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be activated easily by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948.
she was left behind  with varying explanations  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially said that he may not take it.
later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that had grown up around it as goals in themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern edge of the cyclone destroyed most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a american novelist .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , died on 30 April 1945 . She was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license has a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a future professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , occurring on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be a form of the southern polestar .
some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or quickly with chromatophores in their skin (the cephalopod family).
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship and pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the biggest groups of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in small groups in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered throughout those countries .
naas is a big " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour had oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his last release in 1474 , when he started planning for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red , the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a town of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber begins asking for basic items to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually concerning his personal life which causes him to run out of time .
this was almost finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod did the orchestration of the final movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims regard karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however, traveling through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn he served as chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes because he has to go for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was defined by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines now , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and lower quality .
about 95 species are accepted now .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand slides down the hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , prelude to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's leaving .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be an attorney .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township situated near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator , it was the most widely used calculation tool in science and engineering.
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and a thinner size of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goalies have been inducted .
other opinions on the subject have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian organizations .
the album , however , was not allowed in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to stern 's frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's and its system-wide sales also surpassed mcdonald's canadian operations by 2002.
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a prehistoric relic.
in 1990 , she was the only female artist allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first planned to write the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were repressed .
offenbach's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the old city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  ( February 13 , 1921 - November 11 , 1968 )  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was very hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  , the oldest existing church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was given companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche holds the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  which contains a number of matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never renounce the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series that follows graystripe from the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 syrians did not live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to meet with americans every day .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , she got pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of australian national university has argued that the requirement for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for preserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was first given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has achieved a quadruple axel in competition yet.
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules to follow .
it is said to be pointed in the face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin tones can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer announced plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan surround afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was started on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
notable parts of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a very complex key schedule .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby towns include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed separately by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , from 1482 .
sydney is new south wales' largest city and capital .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are sometimes used too .
the name remains as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlasted the end of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he had to look after himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and wandering through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually put behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly called a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built afterwards .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad in norway and was killed .
others have speculated that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only for a good reason .
schuschnigg quickly responded publicly that reports of riots were untrue .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also made a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were released the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
also , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which point to a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters with areas of smooth plains , has no moons and no significant atmosphere .
geography the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these provide great habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it displays harry's courage , and by retrieving cedric's body , he exhibits selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to contemporary music .
the powerful and intense hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet affected the area .
it is now the location of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , usa .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery while with frank gardiner.
heavy rain poured over parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if wanted .
according to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the cost one pays in exchange for services , particularly the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional.
ohio state's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
additionally , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to prevent a norse invasion and secure a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by then other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it stayed mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs.
the britannica was mainly a scottish enterprise , as indicated by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat .
the latter gave viewers the sort of information later given by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as security to get money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan moved to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " performance was not up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon announced that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character found in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is an standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy creates the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his punishment was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh states that charles had been " looking for love in those days " when he first encountered sebastian , discovering " that small door in the wall ... which opened to an enclosed and magical garden " , a metaphor that influences the work in many ways .
her famous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located towards or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was created by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made of a single type of  very large  molecule.
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months trying to avoid capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , and turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a wide range of landscapes , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then made the comic available on google books and their site and announced it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are thoroughly checked and need official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but had little classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm in the napoleonic wars , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the losers.
it has always been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a place for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry reversed and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus , including for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a town in scott county , illinois , united states .
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which is similar to the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients to refer to part of lake van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected from the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be made and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , US .
additionally, she was in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde got its town charter.
pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very elastic and expands to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his actual date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to stop a given biological process  or part of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the nearby cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people remembered or knew about this great artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
