The Sudanese military and Janjaweed militia are the main sides of the armed conflicts. Janjaweed is mostly made up of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, a holy city in Islam. Muslims who are able must visit it at least once in their life.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, 'Saturday', follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his might.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The people are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award, worth £5,000, since 2000.
The dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound. The dancers also have more elaborate and even acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft is made up of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He earned a BA in Anthropology when he graduated.
The bzö is similar to the freedom party but differs in that it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its pure form.
It is very difficult to get accepted into Tsinghua.
Today, nrc is arranged as an independent, private foundation.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
In 1982, Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year".
Fives is a British sport thought to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so Thailand is decorated with yellow on his birthday.
In 2007, both names were combined into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore copied many styles, which included craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She played for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927. Then she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was seen in late July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2's images of Ophelia show it as an elongated object, with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not use the official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration. These have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank is scared that Drek will ruin the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him search for the famous superhero, Captain Qwark, to stop Drek.
it is not really a true louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He also works to make interaction design a more well-known discipline.
The other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you could be part of a conspiracy against someone they have never seen in person.
Working Group I evaluates scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are an island chain that is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center of the International Astronomical Union oversees formal minor planet designations, which are number-name combinations.
On September 30, wind shear increased sharply and the storm started to weaken.
Every entry has a datum, which is a piece of data from a backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque, even though many mosques do not enforce violations.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, like previous ones. Three of them were written by its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a well-known biochemist.
This stamp stayed the same for the rest of Queen Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion. It was billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked on Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War. In these films, he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, which was sometimes referred to as "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he was appointed as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and wild behavior.
So far, celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have appeared on the show.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the release date of the Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also part of another jungiery boyband called 183 club.
The theologian Hippolytus wrote about the apostolic tradition of singing Hallel Psalms with the refrain of "alleluia" in early Christian Agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and agreed to protect the northern part of France from other Viking groups.
It is based on Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple, a 10-year-old child actress, gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion for customers when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been made about the incident, discussing ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to allow it to gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities called "knacks". Seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had an install time of 52 seconds, a scan time of 32 seconds, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town located in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Until recently, it was believed that itch and pain were not separate sensations. However, it was discovered that itch shares some similarities with pain but also has distinct differences.
The tongue has glycoprotein-rich mucous which keeps it sticky and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Calculate the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France. It is in the Sarthe department, in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
If there are no land use regulations, buildings can be built along a bypass, making it a regular town road, and it may eventually become as clogged as the streets it was supposed to bypass.
It is also a good place to start for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
No one associated with Wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information on the website.
George Frideric Handel was also Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover. He eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small, and they have poor vision.
Only chitin is as tough as these biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be used for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He published and produced his own works, and he was usually hired to create his larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history with primary sources and other evidence.
The heavy weight of the continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to increase the oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is not wanting to read even though one is able to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical drug.
After catching its prey, it will drop back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Additionally, studies have shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves a person they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a huge supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After reaching category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing that the grounds were haunted, they chose to publish their discoveries in a book called "An Adventure" in 1911. They used the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and dedicated himself to teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the new region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia, which was under the temporal rule of the Church. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved onto land on the 20th without any convection, then it dissipated the next day in Brazil and caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band is made up of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the greater Middle East.
The characters are Pete and Dud, but with more swearing.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall. He quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes. This was due to one first-place vote.
Shade's actions set the plot of the novel in motion. He breaks a law and this leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing them to migrate and separating him from them.
The female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm came, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The type of chess played is speed chess, and each player only has twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
Two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
The Atlantic coastline suffered moderate to severe damage and the effects reached as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner is usually unaware, so these computers are likened to zombies.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For instance, the Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, which were likely written between AD 65 and 100. See also the Gospel According to the Hebrews.
Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half is similar to the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
The clouds on Earth are made of ice crystals, whereas Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, however there are usually subversion snapshots that are reliable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's major landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807) during the Soviet years.
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time.
Sometimes, the male "den master" will let a second male into the den, though the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a piece of code that can be activated by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was not moved to the mainland with the rest of the nicoleños. The reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He was an organist there from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award and he considered not accepting it.
Later, Esperanto speakers started to value the language and its culture, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife from February 6, 1912 to April 30, 1945.
Each license has a different version number.
Users do not need to register an account for most irc servers, but they need to set a nickname before connecting.
In that same year, he received a mechanics certificate and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event organized by WWE. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually shown as bald, with long whiskers, and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals are able to change color in different environments. For example, the ermine and snowshoe hare do this seasonally and cephalopods can do it far more quickly using chromatophores in their skin.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match. Tazz helped him by hitting Rikishi with a TV camera, and Venis pinned Rikishi to win.
This philosophy is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together using universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He was from a musical family.
Mennonites are present in at least 51 countries across six continents, with the largest populations located in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. Many of them live in close-knit communities, while others are dispersed throughout the countries.
Naas is a big town near Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin that were almost horizontal and spikes on the neck, shoulder and spine.
Origin Irmo was created on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife. He was making plans for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a five-word phrase as a front-cover text and a 25-word phrase as a back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in southern France.
macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb using simple objects, but he is often distracted by his personal life, causing him to run out of time.
Messiaen died when the work was almost finished, and Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the last movement with help from George Benjamin.
Karbala is one of the holiest cities for Shi'a Muslims, along with Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, accusing them of serving as proxies for Thaksin.
To travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and says he must go for rehearsal. Both he and Dr. Schön then depart.
britpop began in the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
This was included in battalions being made for xi international brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and it runs shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh biggest in the world.
In December 1967, the State of Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
Currently, about 95 species are accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often use words like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the executive and legislative branches of government giving resources to meet the needs of the society.
He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost a decade, even though she deserved more.
gumbasia was made using a technique called kinesthetic film principles that vorkapich taught.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol, so he grew up to be a lawyer.
Cowra is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were searching for gold along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator was invented, the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering was the slide rule.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, longer battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a slimmer design.
Yoghurt or yogurt is made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, the most of any position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views about the subject have been suggested over the years, but all of them were dismissed by mainstream Christian organizations.
Many record stores nationwide banned the album.
The legs start wide at the top and become narrower at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because of his frequent discussions about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
In 2005, the company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's. In 2002, their system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is known as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who was allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of composing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been discovered near the ancient city of Chang ' an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968. She was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was reportedly hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations showed that it is mostly made up of iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries globally.
He was given the title of Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche contains the Onyx systems, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface on the outside. It contains matches inside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three volume English-language manga series about Graystripe's life between the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban areas; many immigrants who worked as peddlers had the opportunity to interact with Americans every day.
He was well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
As a child, she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not sustainable for species like Leadbeater's Possum that depend on hollows.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors.
The term "gribble" was first used to describe the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum, in Norway by Rathke in 1799.
Injuries caused by a club are often called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until 1596 when greenlaw became the county town.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all military installations on the harbour.
Even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must follow certain rules.
Its face is pointed and it is around the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work done in relation to the time and resources consumed.
Along the Volga, some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found.
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank aided Yunus with the creation of the bank, funded by a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer mentioned plans to put Saddam on trial, but he said that the details of the trial were not yet decided.
At the end of the regular season, representatives from the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan are located around Afghanistan. They are bordered by Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was started on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other towns close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added to the column in 1938-39 when it was moved to its current location. It is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, which was different from West Germany's. It issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli from around 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The most common polymer used is epoxy, but polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name lives on as a brand for a digital television channel, digital radio station, and website that still exist after the printed magazine ended.
At four-and-a-half years old, he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern Italy. For the next four years, he lived in various orphanages and traveled to different towns with other homeless children.
Rows of seats were added to the ground in the 1980s and 1990s as it was modernized.
A town may be described as a market town or as having market rights, even if it no longer holds a market, if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
Some people believe that the NKVD eliminated Tresca in revenge for his criticism of the Soviet Union's Stalin regime.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg immediately declared that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another meaning of constituent is a citizen who is represented by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz. He is also a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in a cameo role in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm for the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were released in a book the following year called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57, a Berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been mental instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other areas of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon. It has many craters and smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
Geographically, the town is located in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These areas are great for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by governors from the Delhi Sultanate who were of Turkish and Afghan descent before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only if they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery. He also demonstrates selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins, were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They joined forces to create new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
The powerful and destructive hurricane caused great damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is now located there, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to successfully land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is located in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean, around 186 miles east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain caused localized flooding in parts of Britain.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer which allows the user to create a live usb. This live usb can save the user's configuration and personal data if they wish.
Each party was given seats in the federal assembly based on their strength. The FDP got 2 seats, the CVP got 2 seats, the SP got 2 seats, and the SVP got 1 seat.
A fee is the cost for services. It is often paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland both accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to fight off a Norwegian invasion and secure a favorable peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, minix became free and open source software with a permissive free software licence. However, other operating systems had already surpassed minix's capabilities, so it stayed mainly as an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal can be medium brown, gold-ish, beige-white and sometimes even dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, as shown by its thistle logo, which is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards when Jose intensified. It was then canceled after Jose made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders had used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of the combat.
Intertitles later gave audiences this information and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
The reason for this is that assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used to acquire capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He tried to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded that they surrender.
Before the second game started, the press thought that the "midget-in-a-cake" stunt did not meet the usual promotional standards of Veeck.
In a video for charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon revealed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
In northern Italy, civil unrest led to the creation of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports indicate that various factors can cause both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be sent to Australia for seven years.
Charles was searching for love when he first encountered Sebastian and found "a low door in the wall" that led to an "enchanted garden".
She had a well-known friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin, which was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to parts of an animal's body that are on or near its back.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" when Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula, suggesting they were all made from one type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in France. It is located in the Basse-Normandie region in the northwest.
The color of it varies from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, a new extension was built, connecting Union Station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
it sits on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may be in danger of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the region, and it covers a wide area. It includes the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic on Google Books and their site, and announced it on its official blog with an explanation.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college. It is carefully audited and requires official proofs before any changes can be made.
The book, political economy, was released in 1985, but didn't get much use in classrooms.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994. The first tour was in the Soviet Union and the second tour was in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars. This resulted in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the losers.
Northern Nigeria has long relied on it as an economic centre. It is also known for producing and exporting groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a short standoff, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were composed by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
Between 1900 and 1920, many new buildings were built on campus. These included facilities for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, hospitals, libraries, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It is formed from a proper name arzash, which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa, that the ancients used for part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 people in the national casting, she was picked as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be created and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired the renowned Colombian coach Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni, but they both had limited success.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She also appeared in several music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was given its town charter in celebration of the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline reappeared in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994. She also appeared in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now referred to as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process, such as an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by half.
The Bernese Alps span multiple cantons, including Bern, Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud, even though the name suggests they are located only in the Bernese Oberland region of Bern.
In this place, he had a daughter, later named Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, wishing that more people remembered and knew about the artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, like a guitar string producing different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film "Mutiny on the Bounty".
