The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, made up of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from northern Rizeigat in Sudan, make up one side of the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city which Muslims must visit at least once in their life.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, 'Saturday', follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, pulled the ball east with a black cord he had spun.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people are similar to those from Papua New Guinea's coasts.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award, which is valued at £5000.
After the drummers are dancers who usually play the sogo. Their choreography is usually more elaborate and acrobatic.
The spacecraft has two components: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro "sandro" mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
People thought that the collision created debris that filled the smaller craters.
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and got a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is different than the freedom party in that it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an eu-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared at the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
It is very hard to get into Tsinghua.
Today, nrc is a private foundation that is independent.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same beginnings as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so on his birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
The national museum of Scotland replaced both names in 2007.
Tagore copied many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 on the Great Performances at the White House series on PBS.
Perry Saturn with Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna and won the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927 from the United States.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship happened at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in South-East Western Australia do not use official Western Australian time.
Mosaics and inlays made of small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills are the other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop drek.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process for product development cycles and spreading interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met.
The working group i assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center assigns formal minor planet designations, which are number-name combinations. It is a branch of the International Astronomical Union (IAU).
Wind shear started increasing on September 30, causing the storm to weaken.
Each entry includes a datum, which is a copy of the data from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque, even if a mosque does not enforce violations.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like before, this assessment report has four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion and it was the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis by colonizing and reproducing in the small intestine.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he was chosen as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was later in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities due to his drinking and bad behavior.
The 'celebrity' episodes have featured vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o'grady and lee ryan so far.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band announced the official release date of the resistance on their website.
He is also in the boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus recorded that Christians sang Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain during early agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and agreed to defend northern France from other Viking groups in return.
It comes from the Voice of America Special English.
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
The first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft was it.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It goes on as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This confuses the consumers because 220  1,048,576  bytes is incorrectly referred to as 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They castrate the animal to make it more docile or for it to gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons usually have special abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Itch and pain were not considered separate until recently, when it was discovered they share some features but have differences.
Glycoprotein-rich mucous on the tongue helps to catch ants and termites and lubricates movement in and out of the snout.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials on May 30, 2006.
There are statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France's Sarthe department. It is located in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in the northwest.
Without land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, turning it into a regular town road and it can become as congested as the local streets it was meant to bypass.
People can use it as a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can cause pain but usually are not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for your use of the information in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for george, elector of hanover who later became george I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they don't see well.
Chitin is the only biological material that rivals them in toughness.
Greek cuisine cannot be made without oregano.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He made and published his own works and mostly got commissions for his larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The heavy continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is the inability to be interested in reading despite having the ability to do so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as medicine.
The fish will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father supports his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book about it in 1911, using the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and mainly focused on teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi became part of the legation of Perugia under the temporal rule of the Church. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
the characters are vulgar versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to a single first-place vote.
Shade's disobedience of the law starts the main plot of the novel and leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their migration and separating him from them.
The female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
The type of chess played is speed chess, and each competitor has twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage extended along the Atlantic coast up to West Virginia.
The owner is usually unaware, so these computers are compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John which were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
The clouds on Neptune are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They can only participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable development releases are rare, but there are often stable snapshots from subversion.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, which was his destiny.
During the Soviet years, two of Rostov's landmarks were demolished: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to produce both electricity and heat.
Sometimes the male " den master " allows a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
You can enable a wikipedia gadget by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and there are various explanations for this.
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there from 1615 until he died.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and didn't want to accept it.
Esperanto speakers later viewed the language and culture as important even if it was not adopted by international organizations.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife for a short time. She died on April 30, 1945.
Each license has a unique version number.
Most irc servers do not need users to register, but they must set a nickname to be connected.
In that same year, he got a mechanics certificate, making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will happen on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments, such as the ermine and snowshoe hare, or even more quickly with chromatophores in their integument, like cephalopods.
Val Venis won a steel cage match against Rikishi to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is like the unix philosophy of programs doing one thing well and working together via universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He came from a musical family.
Mennonites are found in many countries including Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States.
Naas is a large town near Dublin, with many people living there and working in the city.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes on its neck and shoulders and along the spine.
Origin Irmo was created on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while making plans to take back Wallachia.
You can add a short passage of up to five words to the front cover and a longer passage of up to 25 words to the back cover.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France. It is located in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the final movement of the work with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Shi ' a Muslims regard Karbala as one of their most sacred cities, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat since they were proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building while at Kahn in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop was created in the early 1990s from the British independent music scene. It was inspired by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
These troops were absorbed into battalions for xi international brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the "Righteous Among the Nations".
Some articles are long and contain a lot of information, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
There are about 95 species accepted.
Eugowra is named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People commonly use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of government. It allocates resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles which was taught by vorkapich.
MK Sun idolized the lawyer Brandon Waise Lee, so he grew up to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China searched along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, it was the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner than the original Kindle.
Yoghurt is made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, which is more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views on the subject have been proposed but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because of Stern's frequent discussions regarding his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's in 2005 and their system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is known as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who could perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky planned to write the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian, which was formerly Chang 'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. She was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
Most people said the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore, also known as St. Mary the Greater, is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show it is mostly made of iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was made companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and has a coarse striking surface outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume English-language manga series about his time between being taken by Twolegs in Dawn and returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in separated areas, many of them had jobs allowing them to interact with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
dr. david lindenmeyer from the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving leadbeater's possum, a hollow-dependent species.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors.
Rathke first described the wood-boring species from Norway in 1799 and named it Limnoria lignorum, which is now known as gribble.
The wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until 1596 when greenlaw became the county town.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition.
The port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all military installations on the harbour.
Even people who enter a mosque without the intention of praying must follow the rules.
It is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance measures the amount of useful work done by a computer system in relation to the time and resources used.
The volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank in Chicago, with help from a Ford Foundation grant, assisted Yunus with creating the bank.
bremer said Saddam will be tried, but the details were not decided yet.
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
bomis, inc created nupedia on March 9, 2000 which was a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are other nearby settlements.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model independently.
In 1938-39, a fourth ring with golden garlands was added to the column when it was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990, separate from West Germany's.
The Primavera was painted by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but sometimes polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are used too.
The name remains as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he had to take care of himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He stayed in different orphanages and traveled around with groups of homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
A town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it does not hold a market, as long as the right still exists.
Later, a bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Some people think the NKVD eliminated Tresca as a punishment for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean a citizen who lives in an area served by a politician, or who voted for the politician.
Prunk is a member of institute of european history in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
In 2003, Stallone had a cameo in the French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The papers from the conference were published in a book the next year. It was called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" and was written by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been mental instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine helped colonists move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, leading to a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon. It is covered with craters, has no moons, and does not have a thick atmosphere.
Geographically, the town is in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
these provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it displays Harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion when he retrieves Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were caught after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group focused on contemporary music.
The hurricane caused severe damage in the Florida Keys due to its powerful storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is located on the site, as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, near Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be shared if they have images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner. The police inspector who gave the order was Sir Frederick Pottinger.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a usb installer which can make a live usb. Users can save their configuration and personal data on it if they want.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strengths in the federal assembly - FDP: 2 members, CVP: 2 members, SP: 2 members, and SVP: 1 member.
A fee is what you pay for services, especially for a professional.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland defeated a Norse invasion and made a good peace deal.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software, but other operating systems were more capable. It was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of this creature can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white and it can have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, as shown by its thistle logo which is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of combat.
The latter gave audiences information like intertitles and helps historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral, so they can't raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He tried to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press thought that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game was not good enough for Veeck's usual promotional standards.
In a video promoting charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon said that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
Marvel Comics publishes comic books featuring mutants as characters.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a test used for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports say that certain factors increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was searching for love when he first met Sebastian and found a special garden.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures on or near the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of one large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France. It is in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region.
The color of it is from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added, running north from Union Station, to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Central Australian Line of the Commonwealth Railways passed the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that goes through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region was vast and varied, from the mountains of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google put the comic on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it must be officially verified before it can be changed.
The book 'Political Economy' was published in 1985 but did not get much classroom use.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and again in 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's grand army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars. This resulted in Napoleon getting over 30,000 prisoners and the Austrians suffering 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria has long relied on the city for its economic centre and groundnut production and exports.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu or Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, such as those for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
The name arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, derived from the proper name arzash. This name is similar to the ancient name arsene, arsissa, used for part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni as trainers, but neither had much success.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa in the United States.
She also starred in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was granted a town charter for its 750th anniversary.
Pauline reappeared in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although she is now referred to as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is thought to be from 1935 to 1939.
This measure shows how much of a specific drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process, enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism by half.
Although the name suggests that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of Bern, parts of the Bernese Alps are in other cantons such as Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
In England, he had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power, who was baptized to Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey stated in an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented that few people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate and make different particles, like electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
