The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of northern Rizeigat in Sudan, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main route to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which all able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once.
Scientists believe the great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, 'Saturday', shows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength while attached to the ball.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also received the Colin Mears Award which is worth £5000.
After the drummers are dancers. They usually play the sogo, which is a tiny drum that makes almost no sound. They often have very intricate, even acrobatic, choreography.
The spacecraft is made up of two main parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the collision debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham studied at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, where he earned a Bachelor's degree in Anthropology.
However, the bzö is slightly different from the freedom party. It supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
European settlement caused many species to vanish by the end of the nineteenth century.
In 1987 Wexler was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Pure dextromethorphan is a white powder.
It is very hard to get accepted into Tsinghua.
Today NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is on the coast of the Baltic Sea and it surrounds the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so Thailand is decorated with yellow on his birthday.
Both names were eliminated in 2007 when they joined the national museum of scotland.
Tagore copied many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She played for President Reagan in the 1988 Great Performances at the White House series which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband went back to France in 1927 after staying in the United States.
Voyager 2 discovered Despina in late July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Certain towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East corner of Western Australia, from the South Australian border almost to Caiguna, do not use Western Australia's official time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used in architectural decoration to make mosaics and inlays. They are used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Three other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank is scared that drek will ruin the galaxy, so he asked Ratchet to help him locate Captain Qwark, a famous superhero, to prevent drek.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process for product development and works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
The other editors and administrator who blocked you could be part of a conspiracy against someone they've never met.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, surrounded by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides, which separate it from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the International Astronomical Union, manages the number-name combinations for formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased quickly on September 30 and the storm started to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the data from a backing store.
People going to mosques must follow these guidelines, even if the mosque doesn't enforce them.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel "Mariel of Redwall" in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, this one has four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter. She is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist, named after Pierre Curie.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Queen Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, which is also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Cameron has also been in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was east of the Vistula River, sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he was chosen as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The Christmas story comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes later ran into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities because of his drinking and bad behavior.
People like Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan have been featured in 'celebrity' episodes so far.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979 when it was orbiting Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show gomaespuma.
On 16 June 2009, the release date for The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also part of another boyband called 183 club.
Hippolytus attested that early Christian feasts sang Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and promised to protect northern France from other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Ten-year-old child actress Shirley Temple gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
Fortuna was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this confuses consumers because 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
Many reports have been written about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
Animals are castrated to make them more docile or help them gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities called "knacks". Seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Until recently, itch and pain were not seen as separate sensations, but it was discovered that itch has some similarities with pain and also some differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. This helps it move in and out of the snout, and also to catch ants and termites that stick to it.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during earlier trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to people at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in northwestern France. It is located in the Sarthe department of the Pays-de-la-Loire region.
Without strong land use controls, a bypass can become as crowded as the roads it was meant to avoid if buildings are built along it.
People often use it as a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was also the Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
Chitin is the only material that is tougher than them biologically.
oregano is essential in greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an Oyster card.
He produced and published his own works and got commissions for his larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The heavy weight of the icecap on lake Vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is being able to read but not interested in reading.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a drug.
it will then move away and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust and/or care about.
Today, Floyd's father is a strong supporter of his son and considers himself one of his biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price.
Believing the grounds were haunted, Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont wrote a book about their adventure and published it in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and mainly focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to protect the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became under the rule of the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia. After that, its history merged with the States of the Church and then with the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, bringing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current band members are Flynn (vocals and guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques to support civic participation.
The characters are Pete and Dud, but they use a lot of foul language.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to a single first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law, which leads to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
the female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The chess played is speed chess, with each competitor having 12 minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were accused of mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage went up the Atlantic Coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is usually unaware, these computers are likened to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.
The canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. They were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the late 1800s, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Unlike Earth clouds, which are made of ice crystals, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they become legally an adult.
Stable releases of the development are rare, but subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his destiny.
During the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's most important landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (built in 1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (built between 1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, the male "den master" will let a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
Wikipedia gadgets are snippets of JavaScript and/or CSS that can be enabled in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, but she was left behind. The reasons for this vary.
James I named him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He was an organist there from at least 1615 until he died.
Chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and thought about not accepting it.
Later, Esperanto speakers started to value the language and culture for themselves, even if it never gets adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air surrounded the southern side of the cyclone and removed most of the deep convection by September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun (Hitler) died on April 30, 1945. She was the longtime companion and briefly the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has its own number.
A user does not need to register an account to use an irc server, but they need to set a nickname first.
In that year, he also became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will happen on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually shown as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Certain animals can change color depending on the environment, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their skin, like the cephalopod family.
Val Venis won a steel cage match against Rikishi to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task well and working together with universal interfaces.
His mother Larue was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father Keith Brion was a band director at Yale.
The biggest Mennonite populations are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but Mennonites also live in 51 other countries on six continents.
Naas is a large suburb of Dublin. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck and shoulders, along its spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords, opposed to other bills.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while he made plans to retake Wallachia.
You can add a 5-word passage to the front cover and a 25-word passage to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a town in the Vaucluse department in southern France. It is part of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb using simple objects, but he is distracted by something from his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished Messiaen's orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims think Karbala is one of the holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat resign. They accused them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Going through remote and isolated areas requires planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
These soldiers were put into battalions to form the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and has shorter trains.
It can hold 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and less informative.
95 species are accepted.
eugowra is named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often say "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the power of the executive and legislative branches of government. This power is used to give resources to best serve the needs of the native society.
He wrote other pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju and it has a population of .
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than male colleagues for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles which was taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was his idol, so MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is part of Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China searched along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, it was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, longer battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and is 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters) thick.
Yoghurt is made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the hall of fame, which is more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Mainstream Christian bodies have rejected alternative views of the subject throughout the centuries.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because he was often talking about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
In 2005, Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's. By 2002, their system-wide sales had surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and he follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is called a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped all over the country.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world from the 1850s to the 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian, which was known as Chang 'an back then.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (1921-1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
Most people said the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show it is mostly iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine about railways, metros, light rails, and trams around the world.
In 1988, he was appointed companion of honour.
Loèche has the facilities for Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children and drug use by pregnant women.
She defiantly refused to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three volume original English-language manga series about the time between Graystripe being taken by twolegs in Dawn and his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers had contact with Americans each day.
He was known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
As a child, she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer at the Australian National University believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for leadbeater's possum and other hollow-dependent species.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors.
Rathke first used the term gribble in 1799 when he described the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum from Norway.
Injuries from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration was done at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules to follow.
it is said to have a pointed face and be the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work it can do compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier stands for the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said Saddam would be put on trial, but did not state the details.
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
On March 9, 2000, Bomis, Inc., a web portal company, founded Nupedia.
Key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule are notable features of the design.
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig came up with the quark model in 1964.
A fourth ring with golden garlands was added in 1938-1939 when the column was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, different from West Germany's. It issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in around 1482.
Sydney is the capital and largest city of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but sometimes polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are used.
The name is still used for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website, even though the printed magazine is no longer around.
When he was 4 and a half, he had to survive on his own in northern Italy for the next 4 years. He stayed in orphanages and traveled with other homeless children.
Stands were built behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
Even if a town is no longer holding a market, it can still be called a market town if it has the right to do so.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Some people think the NKVD punished Tresca for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
use html and css markup carefully and only when necessary.
Schuschnigg said publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Sometimes, a constituent is a citizen who lives in the area that a politician serves and who voted for them.
Prunk is part of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed it while going up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
A book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory was published the next year. It was written by Phelps et al and included the conference papers.
The Wario Land series began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been mental instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness gave colonists the chance to go to the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have also shown there is hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface.
She was the official editor for breitkopf und härtel for her husband's works.
Mercury looks like the moon; it has lots of craters, no moons, and no atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these are good habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was controlled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery. He also shows selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long battle in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group devoted to modern music.
The powerful hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys from the huge storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is now located there. There are also facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner was the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish species and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island near Puerto Rico in the northeast Caribbean.
Therefore, these pdfs can't be shared without further changes if they have images.
In April 1862, police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger arrested Ben for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, leading to flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer that makes a live usb. It lets the user save their configuration and personal data if they want.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly. FDP got 2, CVP got 2, SP got 2, and SVP got 1.
A fee is the payment you make for a service, like the money paid to a doctor, lawyer, or consultant.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland defended itself against the Norse invasion and made a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software with a permissive free software license, but it had already been surpassed by other operating systems and was mostly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, evident with its thistle logo, Scotland's floral symbol.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose strengthened, then cancelled after it made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and commanders said they used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of the battle.
The latter showed audiences what the film was like, similar to how intertitles do now. This helps historians imagine what the film may have been like.
The underground economies of the third world cannot use real estate, businesses, or other assets as collateral to gain capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He ran away from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded that they surrender.
The press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game was not good enough for Veeck's usual promotional standard.
Joss Whedon said in a video for Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of character from Marvel Comics comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, which used to be called the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which were penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that certain things make it more likely to have paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh wrote that Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian, and found "that low door in the wall...which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden."
Her notorious friendship with Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term "dorsal" means parts of an animal that are towards or grow off its back.
Berzelius coined the word "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of one big molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in Calvados, France, located in the Basse-Normandie region.
The color is from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was put on, going north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park, ending near Bloor Street and St. George Street.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railway's Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It sits on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's biggest sub-region included the Sierra Madre mountains and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early on Google Books and their site. They also talked about it on their official blog.
People can register pedigrees with the college. They are closely checked and need official evidence before they are changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985, but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union, playing concerts in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars. This gave Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and caused 10,000 casualties on the losers.
Northern Nigeria's economy has been centered around it for a long time and it is a source of groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began migrating to the area.
Between 1900 and 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, including ones for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, a large auditorium, hospital, library, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, which is based on the name Arzash. This name is similar to the names Arsene and Arsissa, which were used by the ancients to refer to a part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 15 candidates out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be made and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia first hired the famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, then Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She was also in some music videos, such as "it girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde became a town to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline appeared in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and again in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although she is now referred to as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His exact birthdate is unknown, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of an inhibitor is needed to stop a biological process, like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by half.
The Bernese Alps are partly in the Bernese Oberland region, but they also stretch into the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
In that place, he had a daughter who was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power to Ann E. Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, but not many people remembered or knew about him.
A string can vibrate in different ways, like a guitar string making different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable got an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
