one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made up of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims must visit at least once in their life .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a very eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and tied it to the ball , then quickly crawled away to the east and pulled on the cord with all his might .
he died there six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal recipient has been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and usually have more intricate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born 8 november 1942  is a former italian football player .
it was initially believed that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs slightly from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was added to the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its original form , dextromethorphan appears as a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very competitive .
now nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it lies at the coast of the baltic sea , surrounding the city of stralsund .
he was also called 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport thought to originate from the same beginnings as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names disappeared in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland.
however , tagore copied many styles, such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship. Saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used for architectural decoration to make mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him locate the famous superhero captain qwark , to prevent drek .
it is not really a true louse .
he promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also attempts to make interaction design a well-known discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met in person .
working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the rough seas of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a daughter, alanna marie orton, on july 12, 2008.
official minor planet designations are number-name combinations managed by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .
by early september 30 , wind shear started to sharply increase and a weakening trend started .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
therefore , although many mosques will not punish violations , both men and women when going to a mosque must follow these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like past assessment reports , it includes four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion called the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia , also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
besides this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he portrays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the vistula river mouth , later sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after graduating , he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas comes from the gospels of matthew and luke .
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was revealed on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to hippolytus , states that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in exchange , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and agreed to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative area in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it still exists as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been discussed in many reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are neutered so that the animal may be calmer or may gain weight faster .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  special magical powers  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and strong .
passmark software's benchmarking revealed the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
until recently , it was thought that itch and pain were not separate from each other , but research showed that itch shares some characteristics with pain , but also has distinct features .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites , which stick to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during earlier trials .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings will be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as crowded as the local streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a beginning point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are tiny, and their vision is bad .
they are matched as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is essential in greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he made and published himself , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines that historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
it is thought that the heavy weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok adds to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy , sometimes spelled alliteracy , is the state of being able to read but not wanting to do so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid drug used as a medicine .
it will then unstick itself and drop back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
additionally , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or loves .
today , landis ' father has become a strong supporter of his son and considers himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
soon after becoming category 4 , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their findings in a book an adventure in 1911 , using the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , focusing mainly on practical teaching .
brunstad has many fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to protect the recently conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the legation of perugia under the temporal rule of the church , and after 1860 it was part of the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection , and disappeared the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police force in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are vulgar versions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by two votes , the difference being one first-place vote .
shade starts the main plot of the novel when he disobediently breaks that law , and unintentionally starts a series of events that causes the ruin of his colony 's home , forcing them to leave early , and his separation from them .
the female counterpart is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage spread up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the associated press's stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , likely written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the top half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane instead of ice .
their involvement is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable versions are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
eventually in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration , also known as combined heat and power (CHP) , is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat at the same time.
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css code that can be enabled by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland , and the reasons for this vary .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he was an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was ashamed to receive his award and first said that he may not accept it .
later , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that had grown up around it as important goals , even if esperanto is never approved by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air circling the southern edge of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is a american novelist .
eva anna paula braun , also known as eva anna paula hitler , died on 30 April 1945. She was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user must set a nickname before connecting .
in that same year , he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , happening on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually shown as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color due to chromatic response , either seasonally like the ermine or snowshoe hare , or more quickly with chromatophores in their skin like the cephalopod family .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale university .
the most mennonites live in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites are also in small groups in at least 51 countries on six continents or mixed in with the people of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour was made of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
however , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , begin in the house of lords .
before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad stayed with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light , the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in southern france 's vaucluse département , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber begins requesting basic items to create something to defuse the bomb , but he is later sidetracked by something typically related to his personal life that causes him to run out of time .
messiaen had finished most of it when he died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad blamed for being proxies for thaksin .
however, traveling through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , needs advanced planning and a dependable , suitable vehicle usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was the main architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes because he has to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was known for bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was incorporated into battalions being created for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines now, and shorter trains are operated .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was given the title of righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality .
about 95 species are accepted now .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place of the sliding sand ".
words like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are common in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to use resources to best help its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha , including the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became his role model , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also mining along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators were invented , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech option , and thinner size of 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
different opinions on the subject have been suggested over the years  see below  , but all were dismissed by mainstream christian organizations .
the album was prohibited from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide near the top , and narrow near the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and its system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is seen as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were put down .
offenbach's operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were highly popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been discovered west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue  ( february 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968 ) .
by most reports , the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was given companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche contains the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and having a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
There is a three-volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe's story between the time he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
syrians did not stay in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans often .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the word gribble was initially given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the injuries caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's administration was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition yet.
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without wanting to pray , there are still rules that apply .
it is said to be pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier represents the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the official formation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer announced plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan surround afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule .
iain grieve , born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby towns include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig suggested the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands and added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal service , different from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli from 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's biggest city and capital .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , may also be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have outlived the end of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and wandering through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually put behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be called a market town or as having market rights even if it does not host a market anymore, as long as the right to do so still exists.
a bastion on the eastern approaches was added later .
olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle of stiklestad on july 29 in norway .
some have suggested that tresca was killed by the nkvd as revenge for criticizing the stalin government of the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup carefully and only when necessary .
schuschnigg immediately said publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
in some cases , constituent also refers to a citizen living in the area served by a politician , usually one who voted for the politician.
prunk is part of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a brief role in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were printed the following year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that " it was quinine 's effectiveness that enabled colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
in addition , spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface composition .
she was the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is covered in craters with areas of flat plains , has no moons and no significant atmosphere .
the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these places are perfect for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only if they keep the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it displays harry 's courage , and by retrieving cedric 's body , he shows selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they created new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music .
the powerful hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the location of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the fallen dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , USA .
forty-nine kinds of pipefish and nine kinds of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell in some parts of britain on october 5 , leading to localized flooding .
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user can save their configuration and personal data if they want .
based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the cost one pays for services , especially the payment made to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state 's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in addition , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to stop a norse invasion and make a good peace agreement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in april 2000 , minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by then other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it stayed mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish venture , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral symbol of scotland .
the area in the warning issued on september 22 was enlarged southwards as jose strengthened , before being cancelled shortly after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the beginning of combat .
the latter gave audiences the same information that intertitles would later provide , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
this is because the assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to obtain capital to finance industrial and commercial growth.
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender .
before the second game started , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance was not up to veeck's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of character in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is an exam for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors make paralysis and hallucinations more likely .
his punishment was to be sent to australia for seven years .
waugh states that charles was " looking for love " when he first met sebastian and found " a hidden door in the wall ... which opened up to a magical garden " , a metaphor which is used throughout the book .
her well-known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
the term dorsal means anatomical structures that are either located on or grow out of that side of an animal .
berzelius coined the word "protein" after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of a single type of large molecule.
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color varies from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
it was the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , spanning a diverse landscape from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
google then made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are closely examined and need official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was released in 1985 , but was not widely used in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever show in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm during the napoleonic wars , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it has always been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a hub for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry faced kane and jericho and attacked them .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were erected on campus , including ones for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois .
name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka created from a proper name arzash , which reminds us of the name arsene , arsissa , used by the ancients for part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was selected among the 15 candidates to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be made and used in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired famous colombian trainer francisco maturana , then julio césar falcioni , but both had little success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde was granted its town charter .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and then mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but the character is now called " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very elastic and can expand to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his exact date of birth was never recorded , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to reduce a given biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name implies that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the nearby cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , regretting that not many people remembered or knew about this excellent artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
