The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group made up of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam. Muslims must go there at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, is about a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died there six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The people of Bougainville are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal is also given the Colin Mears Award, which is worth £5000.
After the drummers, dancers come in. They often play the sogo, a small drum that is barely audible, and have more complex and even acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
People thought the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and got a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is different from the freedom party. It supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but is against an EU withdrawal.
European settlement caused many species to disappear by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Pure dextromethorphan is a white powder.
It is very hard to get accepted into Tsinghua.
Today, NRC is a private, independent foundation.
The city of Stralsund is surrounded by the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so on his birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow.
The national museum of Scotland was formed in 2007 when both names were merged.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 in the PBS series "Great Performances at the White House".
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Voyager 2 discovered Despina in late July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship happened at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
Voyager 2 images show that Ophelia is an elongated object, with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Towns on the Eyre Highway in South-East Western Australia, near the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not use Western Australian time.
Mosaics and inlays made of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills are other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He encourages using a user-centered design process for product development and works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the people who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away who they have never met.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the rough seas of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, controls formal minor planet designations, which are number-name combinations.
Wind shear rose quickly on September 30, and the storm began to weaken.
Every entry has a datum, which is a copy of the information stored elsewhere.
Men and women must follow these guidelines when going to a mosque, even if the mosque does not enforce violations.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel "Mariel of Redwall" in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It has four reports, just like the previous assessment reports, three of them from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter. She is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist. He was named after Pierre Curie.
This stamp was used for letters for the rest of Queen Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion known as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine and can cause giardiasis.
Cameron has often been in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River. It was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Later, weelkes got in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have all been featured on "celebrity" episodes so far.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979 while it was orbiting Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show gomaespuma.
On 16 June 2009, the band's website announced the official release date for The Resistance.
He is part of another Jungiery boyband called 183 Club.
Hippolytus, a theologian, said that early Christians sang Hallel Psalms with alleluia as the refrain in agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
It is from the Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple, a 10-year-old child actress, gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid seen by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
There have been many reports about ethics in scholarship because of this incident.
They castrate the animal so that it is calmer or gains weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magical skills, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Itch and pain were not seen as different until recently, but they have some similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. This mucous lubricates movement and helps catch ants and termites that stick to it.
The same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during earlier trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in northwestern France.
Without strong land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, turning it into a regular town road and eventually making it as congested as the roads it was meant to avoid.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland can be explored from here.
Bruises usually hurt, but they are usually not dangerous.
Nobody connected with Wikipedia is responsible for what you do with the information on their website.
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they can't see well.
Chitin is the only biological material that is tougher than spider silks.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He published and produced the works himself, and most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to increase the oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy, also spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine.
After eating, it will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust and/or care about.
Today, Floyd's father is a big supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont published their findings in a book called "An Adventure" in 1911.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region.
In 1438 Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia and was under the rule of the Church. In 1860, it merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inward on the 20th and it caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before it dissipated the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current band members are Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
Pete and Dud are the characters that have foul language.
Johan was the first bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall but left before any studio albums were released.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes over Ray Bourque, because of one first-place vote.
Shade disobeys the law and sets off a chain of events that destroys his colony's home, causing them to migrate and separating him from them.
The female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
They play speed chess, which gives each competitor twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju Massacre.
Moderate to severe damage went up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and turned into a tropical depression near the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press Stylebook is updated each year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. They were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Unlike Earth's clouds, which are made of ice crystals, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot participate fully until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are uncommon, but subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his 'destiny city'.
During the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's landmarks: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration (CHP) is using a heat engine or power station to produce both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male " den master " lets a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a snippet of javascript and/or css that you can activate by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, but she was left behind. The reasons for this vary.
James I made him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He worked as an organist there from at least 1615 until he died.
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially said he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as their own purpose, even if it was never adopted internationally.
Dry air weakened the deep convection around the cyclone on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and briefly his wife. She died on April 30, 1945.
Each license has a separate version number.
Users do not need to register an account to join an irc server, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In the same year he got a mechanics certificate, making him the youngest certified airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event hosted by WWE. It will occur on August 23, 2009 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually depicted as bald with long whiskers. He is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change their color in different environments, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores in their skin, like cephalopods.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by beating Rikishi in a steel cage match. Tazz helped Venis by hitting Rikishi with a TV camera, allowing Venis to pin him.
This is like the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and working together through universal interfaces.
Keith Brion and Larue Brion were his parents. His mother was an administrative assistant and singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites have large populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. They also live in 51 other countries across six continents.
Naas is a big suburb of Dublin. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes around its neck, shoulders and spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords, conversely.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while he made plans to retake Wallachia.
You can add up to five words as a front-cover text and up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is located inside the hollow part of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is more efficiently scattered than red light. This is the same scattering process that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb with simple objects, but he gets distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin after Messiaen's death.
Shi'a Muslims see Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who it said were representing Thaksin.
Going through remote areas on isolated tracks needs planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 while at Kahn.
He apologizes for needing to leave for rehearsal, then he and Dr. Schön depart.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was characterized by bands inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions for the XI International Brigade absorbed this.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and it runs shorter trains.
It can hold 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh biggest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are shorter and lower quality.
There are around 95 species now.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Words like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to provide resources to the native society.
He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju and it has a population of .
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost ten years, even though this was not fair.
Gumbasia was created in a style called kinesthetic film principles, taught by Vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was Mk Sun's idol, and he grew up to be a lawyer.
Cowra is a historical township in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were mining in the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, the most common tool for calculations in science and engineering was the slide rule.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, longer battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner than the first version.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, which is more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Many record stores refused to sell the album.
The legs are wide at the top and thin at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman stopped Howard Stern's radio show from playing on four Citadel stations because of his frequent mentions of his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's in 2005. By 2002, their system-wide sales also exceeded McDonald's Canadian operations.
Kirk Cameron plays Captain Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is seen as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
In 1913, Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet.
Protests were stopped across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian, which used to be called Chang ' an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
Most people said the instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that it has a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that focuses on the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
In 1988, he was given the title of Companion of Honour.
loèche holds the Onyx installations, which is the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough striking surface on the outside.
She protested against cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly promised never to give up the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series. It follows Graystripe's time between being taken by twolegs in Dawn and returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not all stay in one area. Many of the immigrants who worked as peddlers interacted with Americans often.
He was also well known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice as a child, got pneumonia 4-5 times a year, had a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University believes that logging practices are not sustainable for protecting species like Leadbeater's Possum, which require nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors.
Rathke first used the term "gribble" to describe the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum from Norway in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration was held in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque without praying have to follow rules.
It is said to be pointy-faced and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is judged by how much work is done compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries in the region.
Human skin hues can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said Saddam would be put on trial, but the details of the trial were not decided yet.
At the end of the regular season, the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan are on Afghanistan's northern, western, and southern borders, respectively, and the People's Republic of China is to its east.
Nupedia was started on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig independently proposed the quark model.
In 1938 39, the fourth ring with golden garlands was added when the column was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal system and issued its own stamps until 1990, separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but sometimes polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are used.
The name still exists as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which remain after the printed magazine ended.
At four-and-a-half years old, he had to take care of himself on the streets of Northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in different orphanages and traveled with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s while the ground was modernized.
Even if it doesn't have a market, a town can still be called a market town if it has the right to hold one.
They built a bastion on the eastern approaches later.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Some have suggested that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as revenge for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This made Montenegro and Serbia independent countries.
Only use html and css markup when necessary.
Schuschnigg said that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Sometimes, constituent refers to citizens who voted for a politician in the area they are governing, serving, or representing.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book called 'Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory' by Phelps et al. the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, which is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a Berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been mental instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine enabled colonists to go to the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have also found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggest a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon: it has lots of craters, some smooth plains, no moons, and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley, between Baden and Zürich.
These areas are great habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion when he retrieves Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins, were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester together, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused great damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is located at the site now, and there are also facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to do a triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts in the United States.
Forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been documented.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) from Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb where the user can save their configuration and personal data if they want.
The seats were distributed based on each party's strength in the federal assembly. FDP got 2 seats, CVP 2, SP 2, and SVP 1.
A fee is the cost of services, especially the payment to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other expert.
Ohio State has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's authority, but Scotland beat back a Norse invasion and made a beneficial peace treaty.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software under a permissive license. However, other operating systems had become more advanced, so Minix stayed mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and it sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, shown by its thistle logo which is Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and commanders admitted to using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of the fighting.
The latter gave audiences information that intertitles would later give and it helps historians understand what the film was like.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He tried to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
The press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game did not reach Veeck's usual promotional standard.
Joss Whedon said in a video promoting charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in Marvel Comics comic books.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports say that certain factors make paralysis and hallucinations more likely.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian and found a low door in the wall that opened to an enchanted garden.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was important in her life.
The term 'dorsal' describes parts of an animal that are on the back or come from the back.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made of one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in Basse-Normandie, France.
The color is between orange and pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the Union Station. It curved north, going below University Avenue and Queen's Park. It ended at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Central Australian line of the Commonwealth Railways ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It sits on an old portage trail, leading west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are usually in danger of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the area. It includes the mountainous Sierra Madre and the dry plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books, their site, and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. They will be audited and need official proofs before being changed.
The book 'Political Economy' was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union, playing in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with the IPO again in 1994, playing in China and India.
Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's grand army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars. This resulted in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the losers.
Northern Nigeria's economy is centered in the city, where groundnuts are produced and exported.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
After a short pause, the WWF cavalry fought Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, including for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, hill auditorium, a hospital, a library, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun is likely the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends with -ka. It is formed from the proper name arzash, which is related to the name arsene, arsissa, which was used by the ancients to refer to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 people who auditioned, she was selected as one of the 15 candidates to be on the tv show.
ABC aired its episodes from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana, a famous Colombian trainer, and then Julio César Falcioni, but neither was successful.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She also starred in some music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde got its town charter on the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline came back in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during birth.
It is thought that his real birthdate was between 1935 and 1939, but it was never recorded.
This measure shows how much of a certain drug or substance must be used to reduce a biological process or its elements, like an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism, by half.
The Bernese Alps are partly in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, but also in the Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
In Ireland, he had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, who was baptized to Ann E Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists and he was sad that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different ways, like a guitar string making different notes. Each vibration is a different particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.
