The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia are the main sides of the armed conflicts. The Janjaweed is mostly composed of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the northern Rizeigat region of Sudan.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, which is Islam's holiest city and Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, details a successful neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula, the trickster character, pulled on a black cord with all his strength and crawled away to the east.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The people of Papua New Guinea share a similar culture with the coastal people.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also received the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
The drummers are followed by dancers, who usually play the sogo and have more complex choreography.
The spacecraft is composed of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter (named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini) and the ESA Huygens Probe (named after Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens).
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham studied at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and he earned a BA in Anthropology.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in its stance on the Lisbon Treaty and EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was honored with a induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Pure dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him 1982 "Sportsman of the Year".
Fives is a British sport thought to have the same roots as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol's birthday is on Monday, so Thailand will be decorated with yellow on his birthday.
Both names were abolished in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship when Perry pinned Eddie Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, then she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was spotted in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held on September 4, 1921 in Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in South-East corner of Western Australia do not use Western Australian time.
Shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and encourages interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the editors and administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the inner Hebrides by the turbulent waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the International Astronomical Union, oversees formal minor planet designations which are number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased on September 30 and the storm weakened.
Every entry has a datum, which is a duplicate of the data stored elsewhere.
Both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque, even if the mosque does not enforce them.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel "Mariel of Redwall" in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
As with other assessment reports, this one contains four reports, three of which are from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a renowned biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American Mixed Martial Arts promotion. It was billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Cameron has made Christian-themed films, such as Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River and was later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory. Later, he was selected as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behavior.
The 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it while viewing images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the band's website announced the official release date of the Resistance.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus attributed the singing of Hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain to the Apostolic Tradition in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became Christian, and promised to protect the northern region of France from Viking invasions.
It is from Voice of America Special English.
Ten-year-old child actress Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumers are confused when 220 bytes is mistakenly referred to as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mebibyte.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are neutered so the animal is calmer or gains weight faster.
Seventh sons have special abilities called "knacks", and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it was discovered that itch and pain have similar features, but also have notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram had derailed at Starr Gate Loop on May 30, 2006 during earlier trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground. They were both former Ipswich Town and England managers.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to people at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in Pays-de-la-Loire, France.
If there are no land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road and resulting in the same congestion the bypass was meant to avoid.
Cairns is a great place to start exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt but are usually not serious.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information on the website.
George Frideric Handel worked as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are very small and they don't see very well.
Chitin is the only material tougher than them as biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his works himself, while most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The heavy continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to be the cause of its high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the inability to engage with reading.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of his son Floyd.
After reaching category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book titled "An Adventure" in 1911, using the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia under the temporal rule of the Church. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, then dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current lineup consists of flynn on vocals and guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are Pete and Dud with foul language.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes, due to one additional first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law, which sets off a series of events that destroys his colony's home and forces them to migrate, separating him from them.
The female version is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The type of chess played is speed chess, with each player having twelve minutes to complete the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
Two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The damage was moderate to severe along the Atlantic coastline and reached as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press Stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. They were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases of the development are rare, but subversion snapshots are often stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his 'destiny city'.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's important landmarks: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as combined heat and power (CHP), is the process of using a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
The male " den master " sometimes allows a second male into the den, but the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a code snippet that can be activated in wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and the reasons why vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He was an organist there from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and he did not want to accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to view the language and its culture as important, regardless of whether it is used by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945. She was the companion and wife of Adolf Hitler from 1912 to 1945.
Each license has a unique version number.
Most irc servers do not require users to register, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In that same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 will occur on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually depicted as bald, with long whiskers, and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change their color in response to their environment.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
The unix philosophy encourages having multiple programs that each do one thing well and that work together through universal interfaces.
He had a musical family background. His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, however Mennonites can also be found in 51 countries across six continents.
Naas is a large suburb of Dublin, with many people living in Naas and commuting to work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin, and spikes on its neck and shoulders, and along the spine.
Origin Irmo was established on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords, conversely.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a front-cover text of up to five words and a back-cover text of up to 25 words to the modified version's list of cover texts.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is more efficiently scattered than red light. This is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département of southern France. It is part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb but is distracted by personal matters and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished orchestrating the final movement with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Karbala is one of the holiest cities to Shi'a Muslims, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded that the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat resign, as they were seen as proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires planning and a dependable four wheel drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop originated from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was known for its bands that drew inspiration from British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
These soldiers were assigned to battalions forming the xi International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are running.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, the state of Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are shorter and lower quality.
There are currently about 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is believed to be named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government. It is used to allocate resources to help the native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha" and "Hiawatha's Departure".
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly 10 years, despite this.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol, and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is located near Cowra in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were searching along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, it was the main tool used for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, a higher number than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Many alternative views on the subject have been proposed over the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and become narrower at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's conversations about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's in 2005 and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is known as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who was allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests around the country were put down.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol have been discovered west of the city of Chang ' an (modern-day Xian) that date back to the Tang Dynasty.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. She was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that it has a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal about the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries globally.
He earned the title of Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche has the onyx facilities, which is a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a folder containing matches with a rough striking surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She refused to leave the commune and challenged the judges to give her the death sentence.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume English manga series that follows Graystripe from when he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban areas; many of the immigrants worked as peddlers and interacted with Americans regularly.
He was well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture for gardens.
She had collapsed lungs twice as a child, frequent pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for species like Leadbeater's Possum that rely on tree hollows.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors.
Rathke first used the term gribble to refer to wood-boring species from Norway in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Before 1596, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder. Greenlaw then became the county town.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant used the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that must be followed.
It is described as having a pointed face and being about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work it accomplishes compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago, aided by a grant from the Ford Foundation, helped Yunus incorporate the bank.
Bremer announced that Saddam would be put on trial, but the details had not been decided.
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan surround Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was created on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model independently.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39, and it is decorated with golden garlands. The column was moved to its current location at that time.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990, separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The most common polymer used is epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon can be used too.
The name remains as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website, even after the printed magazine ceased to exist.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was abandoned and had to survive on his own on the streets of northern Italy for four years. He lived in different orphanages and traveled with other homeless children.
Stands were added to the ground in the 1980s and 1990s as it was modernised.
A town can be called a market town even if it doesn't hold a market, as long as it has the right to do so.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway, and Olav Haraldsson was killed.
Some believe that tresca was killed by the NKVD as punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg declared that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can also refer to citizens who live in the area a politician serves and who voted for them.
Prunk is a part of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and attached it to the "hovercraft". They shot the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The papers from the conference were published in a book called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al. the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming video game series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been caused by psychological issues, not physical ones.
A historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon and has many craters, no moons, and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
These areas provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important to Rowling because it displays Harry's bravery. He also shows selflessness and compassion by bringing back Cedric's body.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group devoted to contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused significant damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
The site is now Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb-Shrine along with facilities and accommodation for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is located in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean, located about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
On October 5, heavy rain fell in parts of Britain, resulting in flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a usb installer that lets users create a live usb. They can save their configuration and personal data if they want.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly. The Free Democratic Party (FDP) received 2 seats, Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) received 2 seats, Social Democratic Party (SP) received 2 seats, and Swiss People's Party (SVP) received 1 seat.
A fee is a payment for services. It is usually a honorarium paid to professionals like doctors, lawyers, or consultants.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to fight off a Norse invasion and make a good peace deal.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix was released as free and open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, so it became mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and sometimes it has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, indicated by its thistle logo which is Scotland's floral emblem.
On September 22, a warning was issued and extended southwards as Jose intensified. The warning was canceled soon after Jose's landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of combat.
Intertitles provided audiences with information later, and this can help historians to imagine how the film was like.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He tried to escape from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender.
The press did not think Veeck's "midget-in-a-cake" promotional appearance before the second game was up to his usual standard.
In a video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly called the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that certain factors can lead to both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Waugh wrote that Charles was looking for love when he met Sebastian and found a low door in the wall leading to an enchanted garden.
Her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was important to her.
The term dorsal refers to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula. He theorized that proteins were composed of one type of large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in France located in the Calvados department of the Basse-Normandie region.
The color of it can be orange or pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was built to connect Union Station with St. George and Bloor streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the area and it covers a wide range of land, from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and announced it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. The college carefully audits them and requires official proofs before they can be changed.
The book, political economy, was released in 1985, but it was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO to perform in the Soviet Union. He toured with them again in 1994 to perform in China and India.
Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars.
Northern Nigeria has long relied on Kano as an economic centre, and it is also known for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began moving into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were constructed on campus, including ones for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, a hospital, library, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun is the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka. It is formed from the proper name arzash, which is similar to the names arsene and arsissa, which were applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
She was selected from 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show.
The episodes of it aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni as trainers but they had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She also appeared in several music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was granted a town charter for its 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in 1994 with the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong, then again in 2006 with Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His exact date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or other substance needs to be used to reduce a biological process or part of it by half.
Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, parts of the Bernese Alps are in other cantons such as Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter with Ann E. Power, who was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey revealed that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented that not many people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different ways, like a guitar string producing different notes. Each mode is represented by a different particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award when he played Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie Mutiny on the Bounty.
