The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia group are mainly on one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, which able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once.
There is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows a busy day for a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled the ball east with a black cord.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are related to the Papua New Guinea coastal peoples.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal recipient has received the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers are dancers, who usually play the sogo, a small drum that produces little sound, and have intricate choreography.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942 and is an Italian former footballer.
The collision created debris that filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU-withdrawal.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
Today, NRC is a private foundation.
It is located near the Baltic Sea and encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport related to racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names ended in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House Series on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She stayed in the US until 1927, then she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from the Voyager 2 probe images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held on 4 September 1921 in Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories titled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in Voyager 2 images, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and seize the land.
Certain towns along the Eyre Highway in South-East Western Australia do not use the official Western Australia time.
Shells have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development and popularizing interaction design.
It is possible that the other editors and the administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Working group i evaluates the scientific components of climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, Little Minch and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a datum that is a copy of the data in a backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines at mosques.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July 1988, is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It includes four reports, including three from the working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was used for the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has also worked in Christian-themed films, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River and sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan after graduating and was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble due to his drinking and behaviour.
Celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have appeared in episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in Voyager 1's images from Jupiter's orbit on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show Gomaespuma.
The release date of the resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is also in a boyband called 183 Club.
Hallel Psalms were sung with "alleluia" as the refrain in early Christian feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Disney was given a full-size Oscar statuette and seven smaller ones by 10-year-old Shirley Temple.
A spacecraft discovered it, making it the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is a district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is now known as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumers are confused when 1 mb is referenced as 1,048,576 bytes instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been made about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make them calmer or gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special powers and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking showed the 2009 version had an install time of 52 seconds, a scan time of 32 seconds, and 7mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Recently, it was found that itch has similarities to pain, but also has significant differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and music to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of northwest France.
If there are no regulations, buildings are constructed along a bypass, causing it to become as crowded as other roads.
Cairns is a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be held responsible for the use of information from these webpages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small and their vision is weak.
They are only rivaled in toughness by chitin.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an Oyster card.
He created and published some of his works, and commissioned larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The weight of the ice on lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the ability to read but lack of interest in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
The fish will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big supporter of Floyd.
The hurricane became ragged after becoming a category 4.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
They believed the grounds were haunted and published a book about their adventure in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed to the Church's temporal rule as part of the Legation of Perugia.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band features Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic participation than Muslim-majority countries.
The characters are crude versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the bassist of Hammerfall, but left before the band released an album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes.
Shade's reckless breaking of the law sets off a series of events that destroys his colony's home and leads to their premature migration, separating him from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
They play speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Moderate to severe damage impacted the Atlantic coastline and parts of West Virginia.
Unaware owners make these computers like zombies.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The top half looks like the coat of arms of the former Oberbarnim district.
Earth's clouds are composed of ice crystals, while Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often stable subversion snapshots.
The order sent him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two main landmarks in Rostov during the Soviet years.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in San Benito d'Alcantara Church.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), uses heat engines or power stations to generate electricity and heat.
Occasionally, the male "den master" will allow a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is a code snippet that can be enabled in the Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños moved to the mainland.
James I named him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and said he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers later saw the language and culture as goals in themselves, even if it isn't adopted by international organizations.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife.
The license is given a version number.
Most IRC servers don't need an account, but a nickname must be set to connect.
He received a mechanics certificate that year and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event produced by WWE on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually depicted as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals change color due to chromatic response, either seasonally or quickly with chromatophores.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task well and working together through universal interfaces.
He was from a musical family.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents.
Naas is a large Dublin suburb with many people living there and commuting to Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates set into its skin, with spikes on its neck and spine.
Irmo was founded in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided with his wife in a house in Hungary before his release in 1474.
You may add a short phrase of up to five words to the front cover, and a longer phrase of up to 25 words to the back cover.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue due to the scattering of blue light.
Monteux is in the Vaucluse department of France.
Macgruber looks for items to defuse the bomb but gets sidetracked by issues from his personal life.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad asked for the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat.
Travelling through remote areas needs planning and a dependable four wheel drive.
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 at Kahn.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop originated from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was marked by bands inspired by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
This was added to battalions created for the xi international brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, the State of Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are short and of lower quality.
Around 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English often uses "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government powers.
He composed several pieces about Hiawatha, such as "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha", and "Hiawatha's Departure".
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was made in a style known as kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee inspired MK Sun to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township in Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator replaced the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, and 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views have been suggested throughout history, but all were denied by mainstream Christian groups.
The album was banned from many stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and their system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and always follows the firemen's rule of never leaving a partner behind.
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French musician, composer, and teacher.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal about railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was given the ch honor in 1988.
Loèche has the Onyx electronic intelligence gathering system.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches with a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She opposed smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English manga series that follows him from his capture by Twolegs in Dawn until his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not only live in cities; many peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She experienced collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species, as nest boxes are needed.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian hockey team.
Small inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same process as transistors.
The term "gribble" was originally assigned to wood-boring species, notably Limnoria lignorum, first described by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are rules for those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying.
It is described as sharp-faced and rabbit-sized.
Computer performance is measured by the work achieved using time and resources.
The Volga has some of the world's biggest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues vary from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago helped Yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details had not been determined.
Hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded in March 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a difficult key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near this area are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration which issued stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is New South Wales' largest city and capital.
The polymer usually used is epoxy, but others such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon may also be used.
The name remains as a brand for a digital TV channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was homeless in northern Italy for four years.
Stands were added behind the goals in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may be referred to as a market town or having market rights even without a market.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and died in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Others believe the NKVD removed Tresca as punishment for criticizing the Soviet Union's Stalin regime.
This caused both Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly.
Schuschnigg denied the reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean a person living in the area a politician serves, especially one who voted for them.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
Phelps et al published the conference papers in a book the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin composed a berceuse for solo piano (Opus 57).
These attacks may have been mental rather than physical.
A historian noted that quinine enabled colonists to move to the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon with its craters and smooth plains, no moons, and no atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are perfect for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they keep the lower house's support.
Harry shows bravery and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, Andreas Baader was arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group devoted to modern music.
The powerful hurricane caused destruction in the upper Florida Keys and created a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared without editing if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell in Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB installer for creating a live USB that allows users to save their configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly - FDP: 2, CVP: 2, SP: 2, SVP: 1.
A fee is payment for services, such as a doctor's or lawyer's honorarium.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship and Scotland resisted a Norse invasion.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became open source software with a free software licence.
The body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, with dark brown spots sometimes present on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise and its thistle logo symbolizes Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose strengthened, then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the early stages of combat.
The latter gave people details that intertitles would later provide, helping historians envision the film.
The underground economies of the third world cannot provide capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan demanded the police to surrender.
The press did not think the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was good enough before the second game.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a fictional character in Marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder.
Certain reports suggest that various factors make paralysis and hallucinations more likely.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Waugh writes that Charles found a "low door in the wall" that led to an "enchanted garden" when he first met Sebastian.
She was famous for her friendship with Grigori Rasputin.
The term "dorsal" refers to parts located on or growing from the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that proteins had the same formula and could be made of one large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in France.
The color range is from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added from Union Station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Central Australian Line of the Commonwealth Railways ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are prone to arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region, encompassing mountains, plains, and varied landscapes.
Google made the comic available on its books and site and discussed it on its blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it must be officially proven before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 for their first show in the Soviet Union, and again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, granting Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic center for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a stand-off.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
The Slavs began migrating to the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates for the tv show.
The show aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less strict settings.
gimnasia hired two trainers, Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither were successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, USA.
She also appeared in John Oates' "It Girl" and Eminem's "Just Lose It" music videos.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde became a town.
Pauline returned in 1994 in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later in 2006 in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, though she is now called "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
His birth date is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure indicates how much of a drug or substance is needed to inhibit a process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region, but parts of the mountains are in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey said Bawden was a favorite artist, but few people remembered him.
The string can vibrate differently like a guitar string and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.