The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia are mainly composed of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the Northern Rizeigat region.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city.
There is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work follows a day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled the ball east with a black cord.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people are culturally similar to those of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal receives the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers and typically have acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
The debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The Bzö differs from the Freedom Party as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species vanished with European settlement by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is competitive.
NRC is organized as a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport related to racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
The national museum of Scotland merged both names in 2007.
Tagore emulated many styles, including art from New Ireland, Haida carvings, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened at Brescia in 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus in Voyager 2 images.
The British decided to take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Shell has been used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development cycles and popularizing interaction design.
An administrator blocked someone half a world away as part of a conspiracy.
Working group i evaluates climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are separated from the Scottish mainland by the turbulent waters of the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and weakening began on September 30.
Each entry has a datum copied from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born 10 July 1988) is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
The assessment report consists of four reports from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
Vast quantities of this stamp were printed during the remainder of Queen Victoria's reign.
The international Fight League was an American MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was "Prussia Proper", east of the Vistula River.
He returned to Yerevan after graduation and was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble for drinking and bad behavior.
Celebrities featured on the show include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called Gomaespuma.
The official release date of the resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of 183 club.
Early Christians sang Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain at agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became Christian, and defended northern France from Viking invasions.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is a district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 1 mb is used instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship related to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking highlighted the 2009 version's install, scan, and memory utilization times.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Recent research has found that itch shares some features with pain, but has notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which helps catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials in 2006.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a live rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in northwestern France.
Without land use controls, bypasses can become congested.
People use Cairns to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the toughest biological material.
Oregano is important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail, the docklands light railway, and with an Oyster card.
He published and produced his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The continental icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid.
It will sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime involving someone they know, trust, and care about.
Landis' father is now one of Floyd's biggest fans.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged after it became a category 4.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
They published their findings in a book in 1911 under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and taught mostly practical classes.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was part of the legation of Perugia and its history was linked to the States of the Church and Italy after 1860.
The depression caused flooding in Brazil after moving inland on the 20th.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current band lineup is Flynn on vocals, guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but quit before the release of their first album.
Culver won the 1998 election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990.
Shade's defiance of the law initiates a chain of events which leads to the destruction of his colony's home.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived along the outer banks.
Speed chess is played, with twelve minutes allotted for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
A wave crossed the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Subversion snapshots are often stable enough to use.
The order sent him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain in 1518 and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration or Combined Heat and Power (CHP) is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat.
The male den master sometimes allows a second male in the den, but the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget can be enabled in the preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was Egypt's prime minister from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, leaving her behind.
James I appointed him an organist of the Chapel Royal until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed by the award and considered not accepting it.
Esperanto speakers now view the language and the culture that has grown around it as worthwhile in itself, even if it is never adopted by international organizations.
The dry air eroded most of the convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and briefly his wife.
The license has a distinguishing version number.
A user must set a nickname before connecting to an IRC server.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York in that year.
Summerslam 2009 will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers and is an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color rapidly due to chromatophores in their skin, like cephalopods.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Programs should do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His mother was a singer and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents.
Many people in Naas live and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck and spine.
Irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and Consolidation Bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital before his final release in 1474.
You may add a five-word front-cover text and a 25-word back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of France.
Macgruber tries to build something to defuse the bomb but is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat.
Traveling through remote areas usually requires a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were formed for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users and shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world, with a capacity of 98,772.
Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by Israel in December 1967.
Some articles are lengthy and detailed, while others are shorter and lower quality.
Approximately 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" and "movie" are common in English.
Jurisdiction is based on international, conflict, and constitutional law, as well as the powers of government to allocate resources.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Vorkapich taught a style called kinesthetic film principles which was used to create Gumbasia.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer like Brandon Waise Lee.
Cowra is an historic township located in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator replaced the slide rule as the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and thinner size.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made with bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position.
Alternative views have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
By 2002, Wendy's had more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and higher system-wide sales.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the rule of never leaving his partner behind.
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche houses the Onyx interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume original English-language manga series.
Syrians did not isolate themselves; many of the immigrants worked as peddlers and interacted with Americans daily.
He was also famous for his prints, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum from Norway.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are rules that apply to those who enter a mosque, even without the intention of praying.
It is described as pointy-faced and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work done compared to the resources used.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the region's monasteries.
Human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but details had not been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China border Afghanistan.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc.
The design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a key schedule.
Iain Grieve (born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
A golden garland was added to the fourth ring in 1938-39 when the column was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other types can be used.
The name remains as a brand for related digital media and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left alone in northern Italy and lived in various orphanages for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may still be considered a market town even if it no longer holds a market.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
The NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticism of Stalin's regime.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup wisely.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can refer to citizens who elected a politician.
Prunk is a member of an institute of European history and a senior fellow of a center for European integration studies.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
A book titled "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" was published by Phelps et al. the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a solo piano berceuse.
These attacks may have been psychological.
Quinine enabled colonists to enter West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury has craters, smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent space for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
The Mughals arrived in Dhaka in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only with the support of the lower house.
Harry's bravery is shown by retrieving Cedric's corpse, demonstrating selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine and pilgrim facilities are at the site.
The dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean.
These pdfs cannot be distributed if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain caused localized flooding in Britain on October 5.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb.
The seats were distributed in relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly with 2 for the FDP, 2 for the CVP, 2 for the SP, and 1 for the SVP.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially to professionals.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and make a good peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may be marked with dark brown spots.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by the thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards and then canceled after Jose made landfall on September 23.
U.S. Marine pilots confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards in August 2003.
Intertitles can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral.
He was shot dead in 1796 after fleeing Sydney Cove multiple times.
Ned and Dan demanded the police camp to surrender.
The press agreed that Veeck's promotional standard was not met with the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
Mutants appear in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, originated from civil unrest in Northern Italy.
Various factors increase the risk of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles found a secret garden when he met Sebastian, a metaphor in Waugh's work.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was significant.
The term dorsal refers to structures located on or growing from the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same formula.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension of the railway curved north from Union Station and terminated at St. George and Bloor Streets.
The Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line passed through the western side of the Simpson Desert before 1980.
The old portage trail led west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica encompassed a vast and varied landscape.
Google made the comic available on its books and blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it must have official proofs before being changed.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985.
The IPO toured the Soviet Union, China, and India in 1990 and 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm.
Northern Nigeria is an economic centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were built on campus from 1900 to 1920.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen among 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
ABC broadcast its episodes from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither were successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She appeared in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, where she is described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina stretches during childbirth.
His birth date is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
A quantitative measure indicates how much of an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a process by half.
Some parts of the Bernese Alps are located in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists.
The string can vibrate and create different particles, such as electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).
