The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, composed mostly of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, are fighting in the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
Scientists believe the great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows a busy day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled the ball east with a black cord.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally similar to them.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a small drum with little sound. Their choreography is often more elaborate and acrobatic.
The spacecraft is made up of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
People believed that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The Bzö differs from the Freedom Party in that it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes EU withdrawal.
European settlement caused many species to vanish by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very difficult.
Today, NRC is a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so Thailand is decorated with yellow for his birthday.
The national museum of Scotland was formed in 2007 from the merger of two other names.
Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the Peace Corps at Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 on the PBS series, Great Performances at the White House.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship after Perry Saturn pinned Eddie Guerrero with a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in July 1989 using Voyager 2's images.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories, titled "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British wanted to take the land by force, so they decided to eliminate him.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
Three other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to find Captain Qwark because he feared Drek would destroy the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes user-centered design processes in product development, and he works to make interaction design a well-known field.
The administrator who blocked you and the other editors who reported you may be part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met in person.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides is an island chain separated from Scotland by the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center of the International Astronomical Union oversees the number-name combinations for formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken on September 30.
Each entry holds a datum, which is a copy of the data in a backing store.
Men and women must obey the guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three of which are from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter and she is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
The stamp was used for the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an MMA promotion. It was called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also called lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has acted in multiple Christian-themed films, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan after graduating and taught at the local conservatory. Later, he became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Thomas Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour.
Celebrities who have been featured in the show include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in Voyager 1 images on March 5, 1979 while the spacecraft was orbiting Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called Gomaespuma.
On June 16, 2009, the band announced the release date of their album, The Resistance, on their website.
He is part of the boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus wrote about early Christian agape feasts singing Hallel Psalms with an alleluia refrain.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became Christian and defended northern France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
In 1934, Disney was presented with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
The Bohemian Switzerland extends into the Czech Republic.
Consumers get confused when 220 1,048,576 bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Many reports have discussed ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They castrate animals to make them more docile or make them gain weight faster.
Seventh sons are special because they have strong magical abilities. Seventh sons of seventh sons are exceptionally rare and powerful.
Passmark Software found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, a 32 second scan time and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Itch and pain were not seen as separate until recently, when they were found to have similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. This mucous lubricates movement and catches ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Without land use controls, a bypass can become congested.
People can use it as a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can cause pain, but are usually not serious.
Nobody connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information given.
George Frideric Handel worked as a Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is not very good.
Chitin is tougher than any other biological material.
Oregano is essential for Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and with Oyster Cards.
He published his own work, and he was commissioned for larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The heavy icecap on lake Vostok is thought to be the source of the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the inability to be interested in reading, even though one is able to do so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
The creature will drop back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if the perpetrator is someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of his son, Floyd.
The hurricane's outer convection became ragged shortly after it became a category 4 storm.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
In 1911, Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont wrote a book about the grounds they believed to be haunted.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia under the rule of the Church. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries to use mosques to promote civic participation.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters in the show.
Johan was part of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before they released any studio albums.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes.
Shade breaks the law, which leads to the destruction of his colony's home and their forced migration, separating him from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played; each competitor has twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is the area drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The Atlantic coastline and West Virginia experienced moderate to severe damage.
These computers are figuratively called zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
A wave crossed the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases of development are uncommon, but subversion snapshots can usually be used safely.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his 'destiny city.'
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's important buildings in the Soviet era - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried at the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is when a heat engine or power station generates both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes, a male "den master" will let a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a snippet that can be activated in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt twice, from 1945 to 1946 and from 1946 to 1948.
The rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, but she was left behind.
James I appointed him as an organist of the Chapel Royal, where he worked until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and was uncertain if he would accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to embrace the language and its culture, even if it was never adopted by international organizations.
The dry air eroded the deep convection of the cyclone on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was the companion and, briefly, wife of Adolf Hitler. She died on April 30, 1945.
Each license has a unique version number.
Users must set a nickname before connecting to an IRC server, but they do not need to register an account.
He received a mechanics certificate in that year and became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will occur on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers, and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in response to their environment.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
The unix philosophy is to have multiple programs do one thing well and work together with universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites have large populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, and can also be found in 51 other countries around the world.
Naas is a large town near Dublin, with many people commuting to work there.
Acanthopholis had an armor of oval plates with spikes on the neck and shoulder area and along the spine.
On Christmas Eve in 1890, the town of Irmo was chartered due to the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before Vlad's final release in 1474, he resided in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife while preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You may include a front-cover text of up to five words and a back-cover text of up to 25 words in the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is located in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light. This is the same process that creates blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area of southern France.
Macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb but is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with guidance from George Benjamin after Messiaen's death.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as one of their most sacred cities, along with Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat.
Traveling in remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
In 1928, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building while working at Kahn.
He has to leave for rehearsal, so he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop originated from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
The battalions for the XI International Brigade were formed with this absorption.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and it runs shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe with a capacity of 98,772 and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, the state of Israel honored ten Boom as one of the Righteous among the Nations.
Some articles are long and have a lot of content, while others are short and not as good.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People commonly use "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the decisions of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha" and "Hiawatha's Departure".
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was made using kinesthetic film principles, a style taught by Vorkapich.
MK Sun was inspired by lawyer Brandon Waise Lee and pursued a career in law.
Cowra is an historic township located in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was used for calculations in science and engineering before the pocket calculator came out.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech and is thinner than before.
Yoghurt is produced by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the hall of fame, more than any other position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Various opinions on the subject have been suggested throughout history, but none were accepted by mainsteam Christian organizations.
Many record stores nationwide banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
In 2005, the company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's. They also had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's in Canada in 2002.
Kirk Cameron plays Captain Caleb Holt in the movie "Fireproof". He follows the fireman's cardinal rule: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is called a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who could perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were shut down throughout the country.
Offenbach's operettas were very popular in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang dynasty have been found near modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. She was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was reportedly hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the composition of the object is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly publication about global railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
In 1988, he was made a Companion of Honour.
loèche has the facilities of onyx, a Swiss system for collecting electronic intelligence.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a striking surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume original English-language manga series. It follows Graystripe between when he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in segregated areas; many immigrants could interact with Americans every day.
He was known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture for gardens.
She had collapsed lungs twice as a child, along with pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum, as it requires nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors.
Gribble was first named by Rathke in 1799 and refers to wood-boring species, such as Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club.
The county's administration was held at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw was made the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are still rules to follow for those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque, even if they don't intend to pray.
The animal is pointed in the face and roughly the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, aided Yunus in the official incorporation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer declared that Saddam would be put on trial, but the details had not been decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was started on March 9, 2000 by Bomis Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The column was moved to its present location in 1938-39 and a fourth ring with golden garlands was added.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Epoxy is usually the polymer used, but polyester, vinyl ester or nylon can also be used.
The name of the magazine is still used for a digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left alone and had to survive on the streets of northern Italy for four years.
In the 1980s and 1990s, stands were built behind each set of goals to modernize the ground.
A town can be called a market town, even if it does not hold a market, as long as it still has the right to do so.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Some have speculated that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as punishment for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Only use html and css markup when necessary.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
addiscombe is a suburb in England located in the London Borough of Croydon.
Constituents are citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
In 2003, Stallone had a cameo in the French film Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
A book, titled Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory, was published the next year and contained the papers from the conference.
The Wario Land series is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series. It began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin composed a berceuse for solo piano, Opus 57.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move to the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Studies using spectroscopy have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon, with many craters, no moons and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are great habitats for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
The Sena dynasty ruled Dhaka, before it was taken over by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate, followed by the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as the lower house supports them.
Harry retrieves Cedric's corpse, demonstrating bravery and selflessness.
On June 1, 1972, RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is located there, and it has facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been fully restored.
In 2005, Tonya Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is located in Massachusetts, USA.
49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the Caribbean, near Puerto Rico.
If these pdfs contain images, they cannot be shared without further manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily on October 5 in parts of Britain, leading to flooding in some areas.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to make a live usb. This allows users to save their configuration and personal data.
The free democratic party (FDP) and christian democratic people's party (CVP) had 2 members each, the social democratic party (SP) had 2 members, and the swiss people's party (SVP) had 1 member in the federal assembly based on each party's strength.
A fee is money paid for services.
Ohio State has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Norway gained control of Iceland and Greenland, but Scotland was able to defeat a Norse invasion and make a favorable peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software with a permissive licence. However, other operating systems had already surpassed it, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body of this animal can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, shown by its thistle logo which is Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards and canceled after Jose's landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of combat.
Intertitles provide audiences with information, and can help historians understand what the film may have been like.
This is due to the lack of assets in the underground economies of the third world that can be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He attempted to flee Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded their surrender.
The press did not think the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was successful before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now.
A mutant is a fictional character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, were created due to civil unrest in northern Italy.
Certain factors can lead to paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles was searching for love when he first encountered Sebastian and found "that low door in the wall" leading to an "enchanted garden", an image that is present throughout the book.
Her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was significant in her life.
The term "dorsal" relates to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that proteins shared the same formula and might be made of one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color of the object ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the rail line, curving north from Union Station and terminating at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
This place is on an old portage trail which led west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may experience arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region of the area and it includes the Sierra Madre mountains and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site, and they mentioned it on their blog with an explanation.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which must be verified before any changes are made.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985, but was not widely adopted for classroom use.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994. He performed in Moscow, Leningrad, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm.
Northern Nigeria's economy has been centered around groundnuts for a long time.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, or Tulu.
meteora won many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Between 1900 and 1920, many new buildings were constructed on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be used in less restrictive environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither were successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, USA.
She also featured in several music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was given its town charter for its 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the 1994 game boy remake of Donkey Kong and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
His exact birthdate is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
A quantitative measure is used to indicate how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process.
The Bernese Alps span multiple cantons, even though they are named after the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern.
He had one daughter in there, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey praised Bawden as one of his favorite artists, but noted that few people remembered him.
The string can vibrate in various modes like a guitar string creating different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle such as electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable received an Academy Award nomination for his role in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.
