The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mostly made up of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the northern Rizeigat region, make up one side of the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam. Muslims must visit it at least once in their lifetime.
Scientists believe the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, "Saturday," follows a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, pulled on a black cord attached to a ball and crawled away quickly to the east.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The people of the Torres Strait Islands are similar to those of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has received the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers come the dancers. They usually play the sogo, a small drum that makes little noise, and often have intricate choreography.
The spacecraft is composed of two elements: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham studied at Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and earned a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is similar to the freedom party, but they differ in that the bzö is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was honored with induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
It is very difficult to get admitted to Tsinghua.
Today, the NRC is a private, independent foundation.
The Strelasund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea and encompasses the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him "sportsman of the year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so on his birthday, Thailand is decorated with the color yellow.
The national museum of scotland was formed in 2007 by merging both names.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She played for President Reagan in 1988 for the Great Performances at the White House series, which was broadcast on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero and Chyna when Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927 after staying in the United States.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship was held on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories, titled "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
At the voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and seize the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in south-east Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used in architectural decoration to create mosaics and inlays. They have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other cities that are incorporated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark, a famous superhero, in order to stop drek.
It is not really a true louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development and tries to make interaction design a widely accepted field.
A conspiracy against someone far away is theoretically possible. That person could have been reported and blocked by the other editors and administrator involved.
Working group i evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides island chain is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, manages formal minor planet designations, which consist of number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased quickly on September 30 and the storm started to weaken.
Each entry contains a datum, which is a copy of the datum stored elsewhere.
As a result, mosques may not enforce violations, but men and women must still follow the guidelines when attending.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like before, the assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Queen Victoria's rule and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis or giardia duodenalis, is a parasitic protozoan that can cause giardiasis when it colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine.
Cameron has also made Christian-themed films such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he went back to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory. Later, he was appointed as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is found in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Thomas Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities due to his drinking and rowdy behaviour.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan have all appeared on the 'celebrity' episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band's website announced the official release date of the resistance.
He is also a part of another jungiery boyband, 183 Club.
Hippolytus attested that early Christians sang Hallel psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain during Agape feasts.
As a result, Rollo promised loyalty to Charles, changed to Christianity, and agreed to protect northern France from other Viking attacks.
The phrase comes from Voice of America Special English.
Ten-year-old child actress Shirley Temple gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It extends into the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumers get confused when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
The incident has sparked debate about ethics in scholarship.
They are neutered so that the animal is calmer or gains weight faster.
Seventh sons usually have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarked the 2009 version, finding a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town located in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Itch and pain have only recently been seen as separate sensations. Research has shown that itch shares similarities with pain, but has distinct features.
Glycoprotein-rich mucous makes the tongue sticky, allowing it to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are located outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France. It is located in the Sarthe department, in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of northwestern France.
If there are no land use restrictions, a bypass can become congested like the local streets it was meant to avoid.
Cooktown is a popular starting point for exploring Cape York Peninsula, the Atherton Tableland, and other nearby areas.
Bruises often hurt but are usually not serious.
No one associated with Wikipedia is responsible for the information on its web pages.
George Frideric Handel was the Kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they cannot see well.
Only chitin rivals them as biological materials in toughness.
Oregano is a must-have in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
Much of his smaller works he produced and published himself, and he created larger woodcuts for commissioned work.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history from primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap is thought to increase the oxygen concentration in lake vostok.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the inability to be interested in reading despite being able to do so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then fall back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Floyd's father is a big fan of his son and is a great supporter.
Shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized.
The balance price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
In 1911, convinced that the grounds were haunted, Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont decided to publish their findings in a book called "An Adventure".
He moved to London and focused mainly on teaching.
Brunstad has various fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was controlled by the Church as part of the Legation of Perugia. In 1860, its history became linked to the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current lineup includes Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters based on their earlier versions.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes, due to one single first-place vote.
Shade's actions set off a chain of events that leads to the destruction of the colony, causing them to migrate and separate from him.
The female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm, the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
The type of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were accused of mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The storm caused moderate to severe damage along the Atlantic coastline and in West Virginia.
Zombie computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because their owners are unaware.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and turned into a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press Stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn has been a furniture manufacturing hub since the late 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but subversion snapshots can usually be used.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny'.
During the Soviet era, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's major landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (built in 1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (built between 1783-1807).
He passed away on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in their Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the generation of both electricity and useful heat from a single source.
The male " den master " sometimes lets a second male into the den, but the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a code snippet that can be activated by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was the only one left when the rest of the Nicoleños moved to the mainland. Reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He was an organist there from at least 1615 until he died.
chauvin was embarrassed by his award and was not sure if he would accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and its culture as a goal in itself, regardless of if it is ever adopted by international organizations.
The dry air weakened the cyclone's deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife. She died on April 30, 1945.
Every version of the license has a different version number.
Users do not need to register an account on most irc servers, but they must set a nickname to be connected.
In that year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event by WWE. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments. Examples include the ermine and snowshoe hare, as well as cephalopods.
Val Venis won against Rikishi in a steel cage match and kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having various programs doing one thing well and working together with universal interfaces.
His family was musical; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest Mennonite populations are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in communities in at least 51 countries across six continents or scattered among the populations of those countries.
Naas is a large town near Dublin with many people commuting to work in the city.
acanthopholis was covered in oval plates with spikes that protruded from the neck, shoulder and spine.
In 1890, origin irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
On the other hand, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital before his final release in 1474. He was preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a five-word passage to the front cover and a 25-word passage to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is located in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same effect that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
Macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb with simple objects, but he is usually sidetracked by his personal life and doesn't finish in time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen's death.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as one of the holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, who the pad accused of being controlled by Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas and isolated tracks needs advanced planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
While at Kahn, he worked as the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop developed in the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
These soldiers were assigned to battalions of the xi international brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are running.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and contain a lot of information, while others are short and of lower quality.
There are approximately 95 species accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English speakers often use terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government. These powers are used to allocate resources to best serve the needs of the native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha" and "Hiawatha's Departure".
The capital of the state is Aracaju, with a population of .
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade, despite this.
gumbasia was made with the kinesthetic film principles style vorkapich taught.
Brandon Waise Lee inspired MK Sun and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is about an historic township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
On 18 June 2002, Donaldson joined the Australian Army as a soldier.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were mining along the Peel River and on the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before pocket calculators.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, 20% faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner design (0.36 inches or 9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, which is more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, different ideas about the subject have been suggested, but all have been rejected by mainstream Christian groups.
Many record stores banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and taper at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because of his frequent discussions about joining Sirius Satellite Radio.
In 2002, Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales in Canada than McDonald's.
In the movie, Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is thought to be a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to be allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas were very popular during the 1850s and 1860s in both France and the English-speaking world.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian, formerly known as Chang'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921. She was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. She died on November 11, 1968.
It was difficult to control the instrument, according to most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the composition of the object is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a business journal published monthly. It focuses on the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
In 1988, he was appointed companion of honour CH.
loèche has the onyx interception system for electronic intelligence gathering installed.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that holds matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume Original English-language manga series about Graystripe's time between being taken by Twolegs in Dawn and returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not stay in urban areas; many immigrants who had worked as peddlers had daily contact with Americans.
He was well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice as a child, she had pneumonia multiple times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University argues that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are an Ice Hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used for transistors.
Rathke first used the term 'gribble' to refer to wood-boring species from Norway in 1799, specifically Limnoria lignorum.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Until 1596, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder. Greenlaw then became the county town.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to talk to all military installations on the harbour.
Even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that must be followed.
Its face is pointed and it is the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work it can do in relation to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues vary from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus in the official incorporation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced that Saddam would be put on trial, but the specifics of the trial were not decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was started on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added to the column in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands. It was then moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The epoxy polymer is usually used, but polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon can also be used.
The name is still used as a brand for a digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which exist after the ending of the magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was alone on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in orphanages and traveled with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
Even if a town no longer holds a market, it may still be called a market town if it has the right to do so.
They built a bastion on the eastern approaches later.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad was fought in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
Some believe that tresca was killed by the NKVD as punishment for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union regime.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg said that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb located in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, constituent can also mean a citizen living in the area served by a politician, sometimes those who elected him.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz. He is also a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The papers from the conference were published in a book the following year. The title of the book was "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" and it was written by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming game series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have had a psychological cause rather than a physical one.
A historian has said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have also revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She was the official editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon. It is full of craters, has no natural satellites and no atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley, between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, the Turkish and Afghan Governors from the Delhi Sultanate ruled Dhaka before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery, and he demonstrates selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, three RAF members, Andreas Baader, Jan-Carl Raspe, and Holger Meins, were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The powerful hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine is located there, as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been fully restored.
In 2005, Kimmie Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified.
Saint Martin is a tropical island located east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared without editing if they include images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner, at the request of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, leading to flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer that can make a live usb. This allows users to save their configuration and personal data if they wish.
The seats in the federal assembly were distributed according to the parties' strength, with the Free Democratic Party (FDP) having two members, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) having two members, the Social Democratic Party (SP) having two members, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) having one member.
A fee is the payment for services. This can include an honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland fought off a Norse invasion and secured a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By The Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software with a permissive free software license. However, its capabilities had been surpassed by other operating systems, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the species can be medium brown, gold-ish, beige-white, or occasionally marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mostly a Scottish business, shown by its thistle logo, Scotland's flower emblem.
On September 22, the warning area was extended southwards as Jose intensified. It was canceled soon after it made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
Intertitles later provided audiences with the same sort of information, and this can help historians imagine the film's original experience.
This is due to a lack of collateral in the underground economies of the third world, which prevents capital from being raised to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He escaped from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender.
The press did not think Veeck's promotional stunt of the "midget-in-a-cake" before the second game was up to his usual standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of character found in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, emerged from civil unrest in northern Italy.
Some reports say that certain factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was looking for love when he met Sebastian.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal means structures located on the backside of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region of France.
The color of the substance ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the Union Station, running north below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, and ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
it is on an old portage trail which goes west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may experience arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region and it covers a wide range of landscapes, from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatan.
Google posted the comic on Google Books and their site, mentioned it on its official blog, and gave an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. All pedigrees are carefully audited internally and must have official proofs before they can be changed.
The book 'Political Economy' was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO to the Soviet Union for their first performance. In 1994, he toured with the IPO again, performing in China and India.
At Ulm, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army, resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the Austrians.
Northern Nigeria's economy is largely centered around Kano and it is a major producer and exporter of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu or Tulu.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a short standoff, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, including dental and pharmacy facilities, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka and derived from the proper name arzash. This name is similar to the name arsene, arsissa which ancient people used to refer to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The second device can be made and used in environments with fewer restrictions.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana, a famous Colombian trainer, and then Julio César Falcioni, but neither was successful.
Brighton is a city located in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She was in many music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde was granted its town charter to mark the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline reappeared in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong, and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His exact birthdate is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a certain drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps are located partly in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern and also in adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
In Ireland, he had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power, who was baptized to Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey said in an interview that he liked Bawden, but few people remembered or knew about the artist.
The string can vibrate in different ways, like a guitar string produces different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle, such as an electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award when he played Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie Mutiny on the Bounty.
