the other side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the capital of Saudi Arabia and the most important city in the region that is able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune
his next work is Saturday , a neurosurgery work that follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east and pulled on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new Guinea .
the recipient of the kate greenaway medal since 2000 has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had gone missing by the end of the 19th century , with European settlement .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987
dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs as a result of its pure form
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is now an independent private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was named1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
five is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, the king was born on monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both the names of the museums were defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
notwithstanding , tagore emulated many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan state university .
she performed for president Reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series - which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered on late July 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as cairns , do not follow the official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek .
it is not actually a real louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also trying to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never even met them in person .
the working group assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a date a nugget of data which is a copy of the date in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce the guidelines , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 .
like the previous assessment reports, the working groups' reports contain four reports .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of the viktorias reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
apart from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii : tribulation force, and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " " .
after graduating from college he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew - and the gospel of luke - specifically .
weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Lee Ryan.
it was discovered bystephen p.synnott in images taken by the space probe voyager 1 while orbiting around the planet jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 juin 2009 .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to protect the north of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
it is a voice of america  that is used in special english .
disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb instead of 1 mib , consumer confusion is created .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to academic ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more obedient or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have very strong magical abilities and are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
it has been found that itch and pain share many features , but they exhibit notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , making it an ordinary town road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises often come with pain but are not really dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information found on or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of Hanover  who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in the greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by others .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of the lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population of the town was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then detach and sink back down to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
moreover, research has shown that children are less likely to report crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today, landis ' father has become a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became patchy .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book called an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London , devoted himself principally to teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation lacking convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals, guitar,duce bass,phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for the office of secretary of state in Iowa .
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defied that law and unintentionally initiated a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
the national park service closed visitor centers and campinggrounds along the outer banks before the storm .
speed chess is a form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner does not always care about the computers , they are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on september 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim resembles the coat of arms of the former district
unlike the clouds on earth , however, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of 18.
development stable releases are very rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482 the order ordered him to go to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's two principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky cathedral in 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
he died on may 29th, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d' Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment bystanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration combines heat and power to generate electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by ticking the checkbox in your wikipedia preferences .
down below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 until his death
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as their own, even if Esperanto never becomes an international organization.
The deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of it by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american novelist .
eva anna paula Braun , died Eva Ann Braun  6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945  was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler .
each license has a distinguishing version number .
most IRC servers don't require users to register an account but users will have to set a nickname before being connected
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certified airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe .
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , and said to be an incarnation of the south polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response - changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family.
val venis won a steel cage match to retain the wwe Intercontinental Championship at 14:10 by defeating Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in Canada , the Democratic Republic of Congo (U.S.), the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a " dublin suburb " town with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes sticking out from the neck and shoulder area .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the original version .
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red .
monteux is a commune in the southeastern département in southern france , in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life  that makes him run out of time .
this was largely completed when messiaen died, and yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration of 's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra, samak Sundaravej and somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin.
however travelling through very remote areas , on remote tracks , requires advance planning and a four wheel drive .
he was chief architect for the fisher building from 1928 until his death in 1961 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles might be quite lengthy and detailed, but others might be shorter and less rich in content.
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted by the zootechnical community .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard words in english .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , Overture to the song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California , Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters   .
yogurt is a dairy product made by fermentation of milk .
there are seventy-five defencemen in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only thirty goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries but all were rejected by the mainstream Christian bodies.
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations in 2004 , citing stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March " , the ottawa business journal , December 1, 2005 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and firmly upholds the cardinal rule of all firefighters " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes
the plant is considered a fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990
orchestrationStravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests throughout the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
the radar observations suggest that the iron-nickel composition of the object is fairly pure
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railways, metros, light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  containing a quantity of matches and having a fine striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84 the syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she had collapsed lungs 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving the hollow-dependent species like the leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club .
after that, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the town of duns in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
the telephone exchange in the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that still apply .
it is described as being pointed in the face and being about the size of a rabbit
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do compared to how much time and resources it spends .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the cross symbolizes the monasteries of the region
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial but claimed that the detailed details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association voted to put an all-star team together at the end of the regular season .
the people's republic of china and iran border afghanistan to the north , uzbekistan to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis, inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes are a notable feature of the design and are used to control the key operations of a machine
iain grieve was born on Feb. 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration separate from west germany 's until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often a plastic , but other polymers , such as a polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , if the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built to protect the eastern approaches .
the events of europe july 29 - the battle of stiklestad in Norway - resulted in the death of olav haraldsson.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as a way to retaliate for criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when it has a good reason .
schuschnigg immediately responded to the public reports of riots by saying that they were false
addiscombe is a suburb in the east of the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another close-related meaning of constituent is to refer to a person who resides in the area governed by, represented by, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm that they attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is a ballad for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological inorigin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that allowed colonists to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface of the moon
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains with no significant atmosphere .
the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these habitats provide excellent homes for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty ( 16th century ) in dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office only as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt on june 1 , 1972
together they formed the music group Manchester , which was committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet inundated the region .
it is now the site of mahatma Gandhi 's samadhi  tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the caribbean about 300 km east of puerto rico .
therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images
ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social Democratic Party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services rendered , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments, both the island of iceland and the island of greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots .
the britannica was a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provides audiences with the sort of information that is later provided by intertitles and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like
real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
they advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway the press had agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united States .
civil unrest in the northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been in search of love in those days when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mdler observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the east side of union station , curving north from university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their blog and their site along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India
the austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , thus reaping over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic and commercial center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indian people speak one of the five dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho after a brief standoff .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, the slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in Scott county , Illinois , United States .
name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Egyptians to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
it was aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in more stringent environments .
gimnasia hired famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana but he had limited success .
brighton is a city in the northwestern corner of washington county , iowa , in the united states .
she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter .
pauline returns in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in the mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the mini s in 2006
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal births .
his real date of birth is unknown but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by two-thirds .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter by Ann Powers , later baptized as MaryAnn Fisher .
during an interview with edward gorey, he mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
