one side of the armed conflicts in africa is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , will follow an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and often have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro " Sandro " Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
it was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , due to European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today nrc is a private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout Thailand , decorations will be in the yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on public broadcasting service .
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appeared as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i : assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum  a nugget of data  which is a copy of the data in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , but both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia  is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  and is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "buck" William's.
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 June 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a derivative of voice of america  voa  special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , located in Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referenced as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong " knacks "  specific magical abilities  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software revealed the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is an Italian town located in the Tuscany region.
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials.
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small , and their vision is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be resold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy  is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will eat its food and then sink back to the river bed to digest it .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became scattered .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure 1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then  1860  with the united kingdom of italy .
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart Trophy by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents, later separately charged with mutiny and treason, were for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the shield also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made up of crystals of ice , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
Development releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , the city of his destiny .
In the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration  also combines heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some links that will help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind  explanations for this vary  depending on when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
The dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone quickly eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license is given a unique version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment WWE, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally  or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town ; many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
conversely , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département of southern france , in the area known as provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something  usually involving his personal life  that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , accusing them of being proxies for thaksin .
however, travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added to battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and in-depth while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted as true species .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught as kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee  , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 .
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and always keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote .
the plant is an example of a living fossil .
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  in modern-day xian  .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921, and died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  , the earliest extant church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche harbours the interception facilities of onyx , the swiss electronic intelligence gathering system.
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder holding a quantity of matches and having a rough striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
The oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 Syrian immigrants did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and she had a tonsillectomy .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet achieved a quadruple axel in competition .
From the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
however , even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work is done in comparison to how much time and resources are used.
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin hues can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been finalized .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve  was born on February 19th , 1987 in Jwaneng , Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
New South Wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the death of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was later built on the eastern approaches.
events Europe July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad Norway : Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when necessary .
schuschnigg immediately responded by stating that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb in the london borough of croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a sweet lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , indicating a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
GeographyThe town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these habitats are ideally suited for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows Harry 's bravery , and by retrieving Cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , including a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet.
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km  186 miles  east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to resist a norse invasion and secure a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , parts of the body are marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports suggest that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on the side of an animal .
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of  very large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street ; it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , including the mountainous regions of the sierra madre and the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully inspected and require official proofs before being altered .
the book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria , and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , Illinois , United States .
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the later device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but then julio césar falcioni , who had limited success .
brighton is in washington county , iowa , United States .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
he was never recorded with a real date of birth , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
