The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mostly recruited from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region, compose one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, "Saturday", tells the story of a successful neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord and pulled on it with all his strength as he crawled away to the east.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The culture of the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea is similar to theirs.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers, dancers follow, and they usually play the sogo, a small drum with little sound, and they have complex and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe. They are named after Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini and Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was believed that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and got a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is different from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987 Wexler was honored with induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
Today, NRC is a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him 1982 "sportsman of the year".
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so his birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations all over Thailand.
The national museum of Scotland replaced both names in 2007.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy suggested the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She sang for President Reagan in 1988 for the Great Performances at the White House series on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship after Saturn pinned Eddie Guerrero with a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband went back to France in 1927 after staying in the United States.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2's images show Ophelia as an elongated object, pointing towards Uranus.
The British wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not use the official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to make mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration. These are used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek, who he feared would destroy the galaxy.
It is not really a louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
The administrator who blocked you and other editors who reported you could be part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, and it is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations which include number-name combinations.
Wind shear increased on September 30, and the storm started to weaken.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum from a backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque, even if not enforced.
Brian Jacques published Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, just like the previous ones, three of them from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter and a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, was named after Pierre Curie and is a noted biochemist.
This stamp was used for the rest of Queen Victoria's reign and a lot were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion labeled as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis when it colonises and reproduces in the small intestine.
Cameron has also done Christian-themed films such as Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River and was called "Prussia Proper" sometimes.
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was later punished by the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour.
Famous people on the show include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band's website announced the official release date of The Resistance.
He is also part of another jungiery boyband called 183 club.
Hippolytus attested that Hallel Psalms were sung with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and promised to protect the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
Fortuna was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It goes on as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This results in confusion for consumers because 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about the ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They castrate animals so they will be more docile or gain weight faster.
Seventh sons usually have special magical powers, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
benchmarking showed that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it has been discovered that itch shares some similarities with pain but also has some distinct differences.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which allows it to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at starr gate loop during previous trials on May 30, 2006.
There are statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers, Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe Department in northwestern France.
If there are no land use controls, the bypass can become congested like the local streets it was supposed to avoid.
Cairns is a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt but are not usually dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use the information on these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was the Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
Chitin is the only material that rivals the toughness of biological materials.
Oregano is important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He made and published his own works, and mostly got commissioned for his larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine.
It will then move back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of his son Floyd and supports him.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
They believed the grounds were haunted and published their findings in a book in 1911, using the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and mostly focused on practical teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the legation of Perugia under the temporal rule of the Church. In 1860, it merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency that operated from 1952 to 1995.
The band includes Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
The characters are Pete and Dud, but they are foul-mouthed.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990, two votes ahead of Ray Bourque due to one first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law which causes the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
They play speed chess, where each competitor has twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
The wave moved across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John, which were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane, unlike the clouds on Earth which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often stable subversion snapshots that can be used.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his destiny city.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan during the Soviet years.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is when a heat engine or a power station generates both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male into the den, but the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is something that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt twice, from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948.
She stayed behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and the reasons for this vary.
James I made him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and he thought about not accepting it.
Later, esperanto speakers viewed the language and its culture as valuable even if it was never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air weakened the deep convection of the cyclone by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945. She was the companion and briefly the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a unique version number.
A user does not need to register an account to use most irc servers, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
In that same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event produced by WWE. It will be held on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually depicted as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color quickly with chromatophores in their integument, like cephalopods. Others change color seasonally, like ermine and snowshoe hare.
Val Venis kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship after defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
This is like the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale. He was from a musical family.
Mennonites are located in many countries around the world, including Canada, Congo and the United States.
Naas is a major town near Dublin with many people living there and working in the city.
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin, spikes on its neck and shoulders, and along its spine.
Origin Irmo was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords, conversely.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife while he made plans for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a 5-word passage to the front-cover text and a 25-word passage to the back-cover text in the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae appear blue since the scattering of blue light is more efficient than red light, just like the scattering of light in the sky gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département of southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of the holiest cities, alongside Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, accusing them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Travelling through remote areas on isolated tracks usually requires advance planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön depart.
britpop was born from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
These soldiers were absorbed into battalions for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the biggest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and full of content, while others are shorter and lower quality.
There are about 95 species accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English speakers often use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He wrote several pieces about hiawatha, such as the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha's departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju with a population of .
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years despite this.
gumbasia was made using a style called kinesthetic film principles which was taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
Cowra is an historic township located in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China searched for gold along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering before the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, the ability to read text aloud, and a thinner size.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, the most of any current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Many record stores nationwide banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and become narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. This was because of Stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Kirk Cameron plays Captain Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is thought of as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian, which was Chang'an in ancient times.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries globally.
In 1988, he was appointed companion of honour ch.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder with matches inside and a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The Graystripe Trilogy is a three-volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe between when he is taken by Twolegs in Dawn and when he returns to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban areas and many of them worked as peddlers, allowing them to interact with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs twice as a child, had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, had a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer believes that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for preserving species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
Rathke first used the term "gribble" in 1799 to refer to the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum in Norway.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet.
The port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even people who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules.
It has a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work it does compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, assisted Yunus in the official incorporation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said Saddam would be put on trial, but the details had not been decided.
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Bomis, Inc, a web portal company, founded nupedia on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current location and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990, separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The most common polymer used is epoxy, but polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name is still used for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website after the printed magazine ended.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was alone on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and moved between towns with other homeless children.
Stands were put behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
A town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't hold a market anymore as long as the right to do so still exists.
They built a bastion on the eastern approaches later.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Some believe the NKVD eliminated Tresca because of his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This made Montenegro and Serbia independent countries.
Only use html and css markup when necessary.
schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can mean a citizen in the area of a politician, usually one who elected them.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm for the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were put into a book titled Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series which began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been caused by psychology instead of physical issues.
A historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast and Nigeria in West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon and is covered in craters and smooth plains. It has no moons or atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are perfect for chinkara , hog deer, and blue bull to live in.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office if they have the support of the lower house.
In this scene, Harry shows his bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse, which is important for Rowling.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were caught in Frankfurt after a long shootout.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims are now located at the site.
The dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be shared without further manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger arrested Ben for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5 causing some flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer which can make a live usb and store the user's configuration and personal data if wanted.
The seats were divided based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly. The Free Democratic Party (FDP) had 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) had 2 members, the Social Democratic Party (SP) had 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) had 1 member.
A fee is a payment for services, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland successfully defended against a Norse invasion and negotiated a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software, but it was already outdated compared to other operating systems. It mostly remained popular with students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal varies, ranging from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and can have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise which was symbolised by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was expanded southwards as Jose intensified, then canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
Intertitles provided viewers with information and help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
This is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to get funds for industrial and commercial expansion.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender.
The press said that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game was not as good as what Veeck usually did for promotions.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a short video that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States, formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test.
Civil unrest in northern Italy caused the creation of geisslerlieder, which are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say factors increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh wrote that Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian and found "that low door in the wall" leading to an enchanted garden, a metaphor used in the work.
She was infamous for her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin which was an important part of her life.
The term "dorsal" is for anatomical parts that are on or grow from the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be made of one large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France located in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region.
The color of it ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station, going northward, curving below University Avenue and Queen's Park, before turning westward and ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that goes west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy may have a risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region and it covers a wide range of areas, from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
google posted the comic on google books and their site, and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It is audited internally and needs official proofs before being changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985, but was not widely used in classrooms.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
At Ulm, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon in the Napoleonic Wars. This resulted in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
Kano has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria, and a centre for groundnut production and export.
Most south indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora got the band many awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs moved into the area.
Many new facilities were built on campus between 1900 and 1920, like those for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It comes from a proper name arzash, which is similar to the name arsene, arsissa, given to part of Lake Van by the ancients.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was selected as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC Network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be created and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, both famed colombian trainers, but they had limited success.
Brighton is in Washington County, Iowa in the United States.
She was also in some music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde got its town charter on June 24, 1979, which was the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, but she is now described as Mario's friend.
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
Parts of the Bernese Alps are in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud, even though the name implies they are only in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern.
He had one daughter in there, Mary Ann Fisher Power, who was baptized to Ann E. Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists and he was sad that not many people knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, like a guitar string producing different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
