The sudanese military and the janjaweed militia are the main sides of the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca.
A hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck is thought to be the Great Dark Spot.
His next work is called 'Saturday'.
The tarantula spun a black cord and pulled it east.
He died on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal is given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The dancers follow the drummers, playing the sogo drum and performing acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two elements: the Cassini Orbiter and the Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942.
The debris filled the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party, as it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
European settlement caused many species to vanish by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
Getting into tsinghua is difficult.
Today, the NRC is a private, independent foundation.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday. On his birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
The names merged into the National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore emulated various styles.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
voyager 2 discovered despina in late july 1989.
The first italian grand prix took place at Brescia in 1921.
He completed two collections of short stories.
Voyager 2 images showed Ophelia pointing towards Uranus.
The British forced him to give up his land.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official WA time.
Shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays for decoration.
Three cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
it is not a louse.
He advocates user-centered design and works to popularize interaction design.
It is possible that the editors and administrator blocked you as part of a conspiracy.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of climate change.
The islands are part of the Hebrides and are separated from Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, Little Minch and the Sea of Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a baby on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center of the IAU oversees minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a datum from the backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques published the novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby union player.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
a standard letter stamp was printed in vast quantities during Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia is a parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions.
This area was later called "Prussia Proper" and was east of the Vistula River.
He returned to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory after graduating, and was later appointed as the artisitic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible accounts from Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble for drinking and bad behaviour.
Celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, and Lee Ryan have appeared in the show.
Stephen P. Synottt discovered Jupiter's rings in 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show Gomaespuma.
The band announced the release date of The Resistance on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of 183 Club.
Hippolytus attested to the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia in early christian feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
disney received eight oscars, including a full-size one presented by shirley temple.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
hinterrhein is in switzerland's graubünden canton.
the bohemian switzerland is located in the czech republic.
Consumers are confused when 1 MB is referred to as 1 MIB.
Reports have examined the ethics of the incident.
They castrate the animal for docility and weight gain.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarked the 2009 version's install time, scan time and memory utilization.
Volterra is in Tuscany, Italy.
Itch and pain were not considered separate until recently.
The tongue is sticky due to mucous with glycoproteins.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance to the stadium attendees.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a French commune.
Buildings can be built along bypasses, leading to increased congestion.
People explore cooktown, cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland from Cairns.
Bruises can be painful, but they are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for your use of its information.
George Frideric Handel served as kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is one of the toughest biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and with an Oyster Card.
He published his own works and commissioned larger woodcuts.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to write history.
the continental icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration in lake vostok .
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not interested in it.
Mifepristone is a steroid used in medicine.
It will sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Children often do not report a crime if they know the person.
Landis' father supports his son and is a fan of Floyd.
The hurricane became ragged after reaching category 4.
The wage is the equilibrium price for labor.
They decided to publish a book about their haunted grounds in 1911.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
brunstad has restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was under the rule of the Church.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency.
The band consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel and Dave McClain.
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
johan was the original bassist of hammerfall, but he quit before they released an album.
Culver won the 1998 Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes.
Shade defies the law, causing the destruction of his colony's home.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived.
The competitors play speed chess with twelve minutes each.
The Amazon River and its tributaries drain the Amazon Basin in South America.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended along the Atlantic coast and to West Virginia.
Computers are often compared to zombies.
The wave became a tropical depression off the coast of Haiti on September 13.
The AP stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane.
They cannot participate until they become adults.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often stable snapshots.
The Order sent him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's landmarks.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid and was buried in San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley Miller and Harold Urey demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine to generate electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes, the male den master will let another male into the den .
A wikipedia gadget can be enabled by checking an option in your preferences.
Here are some helpful links.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and did not want to accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to view the language and culture as valuable in themselves .
Dry air eroded most of the cyclone's convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on 30 April 1945.
Each license has a different version number.
Users must set a nickname before using an IRC server.
He received a mechanics certificate in the same year and became the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a WWE event taking place on August 23rd at Staples Center.
He is usually portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers.
Some animals can change color in response to their environment.
Val Venis retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family.
Mennonites are found in 51 countries around the world.
Naas is a major town and many people live and work there.
Acanthopholis had oval plates and spikes on its neck and shoulders.
Origin Irmo was chartered in 1890 in response to a railroad opening.
Bills proposed by the law commission start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided in Hungary before his final release in 1474.
You can add a short passage to the end of the list of cover texts.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to efficient scattering of blue light.
monteux is in southern france.
Macgruber gets distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala an important holy city.
The pad called for the resignations of thaksin, samak, and somchai.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle.
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 at Kahn.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop music emerged in the 1990s and was influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop.
The battalions absorbed this for the XI international brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe.
Ten Boom was honored by the state of Israel in December 1967.
Some articles are lengthy and of high quality, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often use the words "undies" and "movie" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, and constitutional law.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Vorkapich created Gumbasia using kinesthetic film principles.
mk sun grew up to idolize lawyer brandon waise lee.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is located near Cowra, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army in 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was a popular calculation tool before pocket calculators .
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and reduced thickness.
Yoghurt is made from fermented milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame.
Alternative views have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
The album was banned from record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show in 2004.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Georgia and follows the rule "never leave your partner behind".
He won the election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
She performed in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with a symbol from the Tang dynasty were found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French musician.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show the composition is mostly iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal.
He was appointed ch in 1988.
Loèche has the Onyx electronic intelligence system.
A matchbook is a folder containing matches and a striking surface.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series.
Syrians interacted with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his artwork.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species.
The Montreal Canadiens are a hockey team from Canada.
Inductors can be made on ICs.
The term "gribble" was first used to describe Limnoria lignorum from Norway.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel.
The commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are rules in a mosque, even for those who do not intend to pray.
The animal is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work done compared to the resources used.
The Volga has large reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes region monasteries.
Human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial .
Writers vote for the All-Star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded by Bomis Inc. in 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby.
two nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Gell-Mann and Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39.
West Berlin issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is New South Wales' largest city and capital.
The polymer is often epoxy, but other polymers can be used.
the name survives as a brand for a digital television channel, radio station, and website.
He was left alone at four and a half years old and lived in orphanages and with other homeless children for the next four years.
Stands were added to the ground in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may still be called a market town even if it does not hold a market.
A bastion was built later.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29th.
Others theorized the NKVD killed Tresca for criticizing Stalin.
montenegro and serbia became independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
addiscombe is a suburb in London.
Constituents are citizens who are represented by a politician .
Prunk is a member of two European organizations.
Stallone appeared in the movie Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with an attached arm for the scene and filmed it while driving on Templin Highway.
phelps et al published a book on the microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory the next year.
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin composed Berceuse Opus 57 for piano.
The attacks may have been psychological.
A historian stated that quinine allowed colonists to move to the Gold Coast and Nigeria.
Spectroscopic studies showed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
mercury has no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
The town lies in the Limmat Valley.
These provide ideal habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
The Sena dynasty ruled Dhaka before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister must keep support from the lower house to stay in office.
Harry's bravery is important to Rowling because of his selflessness and compassion.
He was arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They formed New Music Manchester.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is located at the site, and it provides facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been restored.
Meissner landed the triple axel jump in 2005.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish species and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean.
PDFs with images cannot be distributed without manipulation.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in Britain on October 5 and caused flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB installer to create a live USB.
the seat distribution was based on each party's strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is a price paid for services.
Ohio State has 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland resisted the Norse invasion.
The album had five singles: "By The Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
Minix became open source in April 2000.
The body color of the animal can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and may be marked with dark brown spots.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise symbolised by its thistle logo.
The warning for jose was extended southwards before being canceled after landfall.
The San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots used firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
historians use information from the latter to imagine what the film may have been like.
The underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
The press agreed the promotion was not up to veeck's usual standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back."
Marvel comics publishes comic books featuring mutant characters.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the US.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created geisslerlieder.
Various factors can lead to paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian.
Her friendship with Rasputin was important.
the term "dorsal" refers to anatomical structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein".
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added to Union Station in 1963.
The Commonwealth Railways line passed by the Simpson Desert before 1980.
The portage trail led to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is a large sub-region with varied landscapes.
Google released the comic early and posted an explanation on their blog.
The College requires official proofs before registering a pedigree and carefully audits them internally.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm.
Kano is an economic hub in Nigeria.
Most South Indians speak a Dravidian language.
The band won awards for Meteora.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
richard and robert sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many facilities were built on campus from 1900 to 1920.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name Arzashkun is derived from the Armenian name Arzash and recalls the name Arsene.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show.
The show aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but they had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa.
She appeared in multiple music videos.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in 1994's Donkey Kong remake and 2006's Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2.
The vagina stretches during childbirth.
His date of birth is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process.
The Bernese Alps are located in multiple cantons.
He had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned his favorite artist, Bawden, in an interview.
The string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string.
gable earned an academy award nomination for his role as fletcher christian in mutiny on the bounty .