one side of the armed conflicts is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Able-bodied Muslims are required to visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
his next work is Saturday. It follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The kate greenaway medal since 2000 has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology in 1943.
However, the BZö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species of animals had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as European settlement took place.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
NRC is an independent, private foundation today.
it is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, near the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
Five is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol Adulyadej was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand on his birthday, there will be decorations in yellow.
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for president Reagan in 1988, in the Great Performances series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was first discovered in late July, 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories - the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in the images taken by the Voyager 2 spacecraft when it passed close to Uranus in 1986. The major axis of the object points towards Uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him and took the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of western Australia don't follow official western Australian time. They are located between the south Australian border and Caiguna, almost as far as the South Australian border.
Pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that the evil substance drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in order to stop drek.
it is not a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain is part of the Hebrides, which are separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend started on September 30, by early on September 30.
each entry in the database has a datum, a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report, like previous assessment reports, consists of four reports--three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, hélène langevin-joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, pierre joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis. It is also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River. Later it was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After he graduated from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew, namely - and the gospel of Luke, specifically - .
later, weelkes found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
So far, the "celebrity" episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, and Paul O'Grady.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance was officially released on June 16, 2009, on the band's website.
he is also a member of the 183 club.
the apostolic tradition is attributed to the theologian hippolytus and it attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts.
In return for this, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a product of voice of america, voa special english.
disney received a full-size Oscar Statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic.
When 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte, consumers can confuse the number with the unit of measurement, which is the byte.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
castrated animals are more docile or put on weight more quickly.
seventh sons have strong "knacks" that are specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking by passmark software found the 2009 version to have a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
the same tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
volunteers donated food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road. The bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they are not usually dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an important ingredient in Greek cuisine.
tickets can be resold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on the oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is a way of researching and writing history that uses primary sources and other evidence.
the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the ability to read but not be interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
it will digest its food and sink back to the river bed so it can wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
today, landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
soon after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that will bring about a balance in the market.
The authors of the book convinced that the grounds were haunted, so they decided to publish their findings under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly acquired region .
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then with the united kingdom of italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection. It dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters in the film are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious.
in 1990, mark messier won the Hart Trophy by a margin of two votes. The difference was a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999 and it was found to be inoperable.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the arrival of the storm.
speed chess is a form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
the two former presidents, later separately charged with mutiny and treason, were for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The damage was severe up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
because the owner is unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john. They were probably written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the flag also looks like the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane. Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are unique in that they are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
in the Soviet years, the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
he died on May 29, 1518, in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment demonstrated this in 1953.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male " den master " will also let a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
A Wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links for you to get involved.
he served as the prime minister of Egypt twice, between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
she was left behind without explanations. Some people believe that this happened because the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air near the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Braun on February 6, 1912, and April 30, 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a different version number.
most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York City.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as a bald man with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument: the cephalopod family.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10, Venis pinned rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV Camera.
this approach closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Menonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but Menonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Origin of irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
reflection nebulae are usually blue because this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france. It is located in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Maurice Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
However, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle--usually a four wheel drive.
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
he excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and full of content, while others are shorter and may be considered stubs or of lesser quality.
There are about 95 species currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
terms like " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he wrote several pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
the capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was invented in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position. Meanwhile, only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
the legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did when it announced its IPO in 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron and plot captain caleb holt are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They keep the cardinal rule of all firemen: "never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008, with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet, The Nutcracker, in 1913.
The protests across the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968. She was a French organist, pianist, composer and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to play.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the largest church in Assisi, Italy and the earliest extant church in that city. St. Mary the Greater is the second largest church in Assisi.
The observations made using radar indicate that the composition of the metal is fairly pure.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is a harbour for the installations of onyx, which is a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small, cardboard folder with a matchcover and a striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy has a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in the morning until he returned to ThunderClan in the sight.
samovar & Porter 1994, 84: Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he is also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood she suffered from a collapsed lung twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits. The same processes that are used to make transistors can be used to make small value inductors.
The term gribble was originally used to describe the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
When someone is beaten with a club, the wounds inflicted are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has ever completed a quadruple axel in competition.
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga.
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region's history.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Muhammad Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer said he planned to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan border each other to the north, west, south and east respectively.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, dated to 1482.
new south wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name of the magazine has been retained as a brand for related digital platforms, including a digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights, even if it no longer holds a market.
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, 1944, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway. King Olav Haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed in the battle.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
this led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
use html and css markup only when necessary.
schuschnigg immediately responded to reports of riots by saying they were false.
addiscombe is a suburb of the London borough of Croydon.
When used in the context of a politician, constituent can mean either a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by the politician, or a citizen who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps, et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin.
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating rather a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town of Limmat lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
these forests provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
it is now the site of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts. It is also the county seat.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean Sea. It is approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery alongside Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so that the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats in the federal assembly were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
a fee is the amount of money someone is paid for services , like a doctor's salary or a lawyer's fees.
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on the Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body is medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo. The floral emblem of scotland, scotland, was also involved.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity equality now, actor and producer Joss Whedon confirmed that "fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are likely to increase as a result of certain factors.
his sentence was transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her famous friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important part of her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on the side of an animal.
The term "protein" itself was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang went into hiding for 16 months before evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern France.
color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
In 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and their site. They also mentioned it on their official blog.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
the book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994. He performed in Moscow and Leningrad in 1990 and in Beijing and India in 1994.
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars fought by France from 1792 to 1815. In 1796, General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - kannada, malayalam, tamil, telugu and tulu.
meteora received multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is located in scott county , Illinois , United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana, but both he and julio césar falcioni had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she starred in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Germany, it received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006. She is now described as "mario's friend".
the vagina is stretchy and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
It is believed that his real date of birth was not recorded, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process, e.g. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism by half.
Although the name suggests that the Bernese Alps are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There, he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Elizabeth Power.
during an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes, and each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon.
gable also received an academy award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.