one side of the armed conflicts is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the key city in Mecca , Islam's holiest city , which is able to able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is a work following an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east .
he died six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simple — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with the arrival of european settlers .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is now an independent private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated .
fives is a sport that derives from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, the king was born on Monday , so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
however , tagore emulated many styles , including craftswork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of Canada  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the idea of creating a peace corps on the steps of the michigan union .
she performed for president Reagan in 1988 's great performances at the White House series .
perry saturn won the wwe european championship by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna in a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France
despina was discovered on July 29, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost to caja , don't follow official Australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy , so he asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek
it is not really aouse
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also wants to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who they 've never met in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a date a nugget of data which is a copy of the date in some backing store.
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce the rules , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian Jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 .
like the previous assessment reports , the reports are made up of four reports .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the entirety of the reign of victoria , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  MMA promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia Proper " .
he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and then was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical account given in the gospel of matthew .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Simongregson , Lee Ryan , Carol Thatcher , Paul Grady and Julie Benz
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the u.s. space probe voyager 1 taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser
on 16 june 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to Christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups
it is based on the voice of america  voa  special english .
the Walt Disney Company received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to it by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 megabyte .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to the ethics of scholarship .
so that the animal may be more docile or may put on more weight quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities and are both incredibly rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
until recently, it was found that itch and pain were both considered to be independent of each other until recently.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , the buildings would be built on a bypass , which would be turned into an ordinary road and it would eventually become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises often do not cause pain but can be dangerous .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George , elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in the Greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national railways services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
landis ' father has become a very supportive of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in London , devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants and a cafeteria-style restaurant .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote participation in civic life .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for the iowa state secretary of state and was victorious
in 1990 mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disregards a law that requires him to leave his colony , and prematurely initiates a chain of events that leads to their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm .
speed chess is a chess game in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware of the computers , they are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13 .
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
Since the end of the 19th century, Eslobronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former districtoberarnim resembles the coat of arms of the current district oberarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of eighteen .
development releases are rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florencia , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also combines heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some links that you can use to help you with your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948
she was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as their own , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the deep convection around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the it by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
Eva Braun, died Eva Braun on 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a distinguishing version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe .
he is usually portrayed as being bald and with long whiskers .
a few animals in the cephalopod family have chromatic response - changing color in different environments - either seasonally, ermine, snowshoe hare, or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis won the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer ; and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a " dublin suburb " town with many people living in it and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of large oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin .
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france .
macgruber starts asking for basic objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he gets distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however travel through very remote areas and tracks requires advance planning and a four wheel drive .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has a smaller number of users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of law , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other articles about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is ARACJU .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the Peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by the fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in late 2004 by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons's ipo by march " , ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany , georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests were suppressed throughout the nation .
offenbach 's numerous operettas were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was very difficult to control .
the earliest extant church in assisi is the Santa Maria Maggiore St. Mary the Greater .
the radar observations indicate that the iron-nickel composition of the object is fairly pure
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she suffered from collapsed lungs two times during her childhood - once in 2001 and again in 2006 .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving the hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are wounds caused by a club
after that the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor .
however , even to those who enter the mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as being pointed in the face and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is judged by how much work a computer system can do compared to how much time and resources it takes to do it .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found in the volga .
the cross symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association voted to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the people's republic of china and turkmenistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc .
some of the notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in jwaneng , Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often an epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later .
the battle of stiklestad took place on july 29 in the norway , as olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet Union .
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only when there is good reason .
after the president of the federated republic of Germany, zig straus , said reports of riots were true , schuschnigg immediately responded that the reports were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the southeast of the London borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen who reside in the area governed by, represented, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of using a cantilevered arm to shoot the scene on templin highway north of santa clarita , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot it while riding up the highway .
the conference papers were published in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land : super mario land 3 is a platforming series that starts with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that quinine 's efficacy gave colonists the fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , Nigeria and other parts of west africa .
furthermore, studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate a harder surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon - it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains with no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these provide excellent habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt on june 1, 1972
together they formed new music , a group that was committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused significant damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of mahatma Gandhi 's samadhi  tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
she became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition in 2005 .
salem is a city in Essex county , Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast of the caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they cannot be distributed without further manipulation
ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger on april 1862 for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of the UK on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired
in approximate relation to the respective strength of the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , socialdemocratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the amount paid for services , especially the amount given to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on the columbus campus of ohio state .
in other developments, both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of the norwegian kingdom , but scotland was able to repulse a norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement
the singles from the album include " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under the permissive free software licence .
the body color can vary from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white .
the britannica was a Scottish enterprise , as symbolized by the thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland .
the warning was issued on september 22 and it was extended southwards .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune published an allegation that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter helped audiences imagine what the film might have been like .
because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
they advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up toveck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short promotional video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly was the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test was a standardized test for college admissions in the united States .
civil unrest in the northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been in search of love in those days when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also a important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius , after michael uldren observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang lay low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in theBasse-Normandie region in northwestern france .
colors can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the east side of the city , curving north from union Station , below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street , where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the Simpson desert .
the mission is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountains of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on their website and their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college if they have the right documentation and are carefully audited .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union and toured with the ipo again in 1994 performing in China and India
the austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , becoming the first general to do so and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic and cultural centre of northern Nigeria for many years .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - Kannada , Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu and Tulu .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century the slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , an hill auditorium , a large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , and the county seat of the city .
the name seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Egyptians to a part of lake van .
out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
the show was aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the later device can then be used in more stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the famous colombian trainer francisco maturana and then the Italian Julio César Falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in northwest washington county , iowa , united states .
she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter
she returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the mini's in 2006 .
the vagina is very elastic and can stretch to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a certain drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to stop a given biological process or component of a process by half
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter named Ann power , to Ann Powers
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that he liked the artist bawden , lamenting the fact that not many people knew about or remembered this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
