The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, composed of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, are the main sides of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holiest city for Muslims. Muslims must visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is on Neptune and is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud layer.
His next work is called Saturday. It is about a successful neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula pulled the ball eastward with a black cord.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally similar to them.
The Colin Mears Award, worth £5,000, has been presented to the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000.
The dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound. They also have more elaborate, even acrobatic, choreography.
The spacecraft has two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
People thought the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU-withdrawal.
By the end of the nineteenth century, many species had vanished due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was honored with an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very difficult.
NRC is organised as an independent, private foundation today.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
In 1982, Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year".
fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday. On his birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow.
Both names were no longer used in 2007 when they were combined into the National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988. This performance was part of the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in July 1989 from Voyager 2's photos.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
The Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and seize the land.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used for architectural decoration. They are used to create mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
Four cities are incorporated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula - Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark in order to stop Drek.
It is not a real louse.
He encourages user-centered design in product development and promotes interaction design.
It is possible that the editors and administrator have a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides is an island chain in Scotland. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the turbulent waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased on September 30 and the storm started to weaken.
Every entry contains a datum, which is a duplicate of the data in an external storage system.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Her brother Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist, named after Pierre Curie.
This stamp was used as the standard letter stamp during Queen Victoria's reign. It was printed in large quantities.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion. It was the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis or giardia duodenalis, is a parasite that causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has also been involved in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World At War. He played the role of Cameron "Buck" Williams in them.
This area was east of the Vistula River. It was later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan. He taught at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible, specifically the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Thomas Weelkes had issues with the Chichester Cathedral authorities due to his drinking and wild behavior.
Several celebrities have been featured in the episodes, such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from Voyager 1 while orbiting Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show 'Gomaespuma'.
The official release date of the Resistance was announced on 16 June 2009 on the band's website.
He is part of the jungiery boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus attested that Hallel Psalms were sung with 'Alleluia' as the refrain in early Christian Agape Feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend the northern region of France against other Viking groups.
The voice of America Special English provides content.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
The asteroid was discovered by a spacecraft for the first time.
hinterrhein is a district in graubünden, Switzerland.
The Bohemian Switzerland is located in the Czech Republic.
When 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte , this can confuse consumers.
The incident has been reported on in terms of ethics in scholarship.
They castrate animals to make them more docile or to help them gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons are rare and have special abilities. Seventh sons of seventh sons are even more powerful.
Passmark Software conducted benchmarking which showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Itch and pain have not been seen as independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch has similarities to pain, but also has some differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. This mucous lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop on May 30, 2006 during trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Calculate the square root of the variance.
Volunteers supplied necessities and entertainment to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Buildings are built along a bypass if land use controls are weak. Eventually, the bypass may become congested like the streets it was meant to avoid.
People use Cairns as a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful, but they are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information on their web pages.
George Frideric Handel worked as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover. He later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
Chitin is the only material that is tougher than them biologically.
Oregano is essential for Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an oyster card.
He published and produced his own works, while most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write about history.
The continental icecap weighs heavily on Lake Vostok, which is believed to be the cause of the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is the state of being able to read but having no interest in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used in medicine.
The creature will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves a person they know, trust, and care about.
Landis' father is a big fan of his son today.
The hurricane became a category 4 storm. Its outer convection became ragged shortly afterwards.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
They believed the grounds were haunted, so they published a book called "An Adventure" in 1911 under pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused mainly on teaching.
Brunstad has many dining options, such as fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to protect the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's temporal rule. In 1860, it was included in the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
Flynn sings vocals and guitar, Duce plays bass, Phil Demmel plays guitar and Dave McClain plays drums in the current band lineup.
Advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population utilize mosques to promote civic participation more often than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
Pete and Dud have become foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, culver won the Iowa secretary of state election.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes.
Shade's defiance of the law sets the main plot of the novel in motion. It leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration and separating him from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
The competitors play speed chess with twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is located in South America and is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason after the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The Atlantic coastline experienced moderate to severe damage and extended as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
The wave crossed the Atlantic Ocean. It formed into a tropical depression near the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They can not fully participate until they turn 18.
Development stable releases are uncommon, but subversion snapshots often provide a stable experience.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his "city of destiny".
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks during the Soviet years. These were St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518. He was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
In 1953, Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment.
cogeneration, also known as combined heat and power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
The male " den master " sometimes allows a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is easy to enable. It requires checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, but she was left behind. Reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He served as an organist there until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and he thought about not accepting it.
Esperanto speakers started to treasure the language and culture that had formed around it, even if it is not accepted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded the deep convection of the cyclone by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife from 6 February 1912 until her death on 30 April 1945.
Each license has a unique version number.
A user must set a nickname to connect to most IRC servers, but they do not need to register an account.
In that same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 will be held on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers. He is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response and can change color with their environment. Examples include the ermine and snowshoe hare. The cephalopod family can change color rapidly with chromatophores.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by beating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
Programs in this philosophy do one task well and work together through universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer. His father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites live in 51 countries on six continents. Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States have the largest populations. Some Mennonites live in tight-knit communities while others are scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
Naas is a large suburban town near Dublin, and many people commute between the two.
Acanthopholis had armor made of oval plates, and spikes on its neck and shoulders and along its spine.
Origin Irmo was established on Christmas Eve in 1890. This was due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission start in the House of Lords, while consolidation bills start conversely.
Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital before his final release in 1474.
You can add up to five words at the beginning and 25 words at the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is often distracted by his personal life.
Messiaen died before completing the final movement of the piece. Yvonne Loriod orchestrated it with the help of George Benjamin.
Karbala is a holy city for Shi'a Muslims, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad demanded the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat resign because they were seen as Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
In 1928, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building while at Kahn.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön also leave.
Britpop emerged in the early 1990s and was influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
Battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade and they were absorbed into them.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are used.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was recognized by the State of Israel as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are short and of lower quality.
Currently, there are 95 accepted species.
Eugowra was named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
In English, "undies" is a term for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture."
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of government branches.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was made using a technique known as kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol, so he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township located in New South Wales, Australia.
On 18 June 2002, Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China searched the Peel River and mountain slopes.
The slide rule was a popular calculation tool before the pocket calculator was invented.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner than the original.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
75 defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but none were accepted by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's, and their system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Kirk Cameron plays Captain Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election in 2008. He received 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach composed many operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène. They were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with a certain symbol were discovered near the modern-day city of Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921. She was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue until her death on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was reportedly hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the composition of the material is mostly iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal. It covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries around the world.
In 1988, he was appointed a Companion of Honour.
loèche has installations for onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains matches and has a striking surface.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume original English-language manga series. It follows Graystripe between the time he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves in 1994. Many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and furniture made from metalwork for gardens.
During childhood, she experienced collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia four to five times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species, such as Leadbeater's Possum, because of the need for nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits.
Rathke assigned the term gribble to the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum from Norway in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are referred to as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted in duns or lauder before 1596. Greenlaw then became the county town.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour using the telephone exchange.
There are rules that still apply to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque, even if they do not intend to pray.
The animal is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the useful work it produces in relation to the resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
The color of human skin can vary from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial. He did not say how the trial would be conducted.
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan. Iran borders them to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
nupedia was established on March 9, 2000 and was owned by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are other nearby settlements.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring of the column was added in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990. It issued its own postage stamps, separate from those of West Germany.
Sandro Botticelli painted a painting called the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Epoxy is the most common polymer used for this purpose, but polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon are also sometimes used.
The brand name of the magazine still exists as a digital television channel, digital radio station and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he had to live on the streets of northern Italy for four years. He stayed in different orphanages and travelled with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s. The ground was being modernised.
A town may still be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market, if it still has the right to do so.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Some believe that the NKVD removed Tresca as revenge for his criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries as a result.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
Schuschnigg publicly denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent also refers to a citizen residing in the area governed by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Sylvester Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" to shoot the scene. They filmed on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The papers from the conference were published in a book the following year. The book was titled Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory and was written by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks could have been psychological instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine enabled colonists to settle in the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She was appointed as the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon. It has no natural satellites, no substantial atmosphere, and is covered in craters and smooth plains.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are perfect for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull habitats.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate. The Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office as long as they have the lower house's support.
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery. He also demonstrates selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
He was arrested on June 1, 1972 in Frankfurt after a shootout.
They formed a group called 'New Music Manchester' to focus on contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys. It also caused a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is at the site, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been completely restored.
In 2005, Kimmie Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is located in Essex County, Massachusetts in the United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified.
Saint Martin is a tropical island located in the northeast Caribbean. It is about 186 miles east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, it is not possible to distribute these pdfs without changing them if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell in Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB installer to create a live USB. It allows the user to save their configuration and data if they wish.
The free democratic party (FDP) had two members, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) had two members, the Social Democratic Party (SP) had two members, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) had one member in the federal assembly.
A fee is the payment for services. It is often paid to professionals such as doctors, lawyers, and consultants.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland repelled a Norse invasion and negotiated a peaceful settlement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence in April 2000. However, it was surpassed by other operating systems and remained mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white. It may also have dark brown spots, particularly on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, represented by its thistle logo which is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards and canceled after Jose made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
Intertitles provide audiences with information and help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used for collateral. Therefore, it is difficult to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He attempted to flee Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender.
The press did not think Veeck's "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was up to his usual standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now.
A mutant is a type of fictional character found in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created geisslerlieder, a form of medieval music sung by groups of flagellants.
Various factors can increase the chances of experiencing paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was notorious and influential in her life.
The term "dorsal" is used to describe anatomical structures that are located on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula. He thought they might be composed of one type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color of the object ranges from orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added to Union Station in 1963. It curved north, went below University Avenue and Queen's Park, and terminated at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a railway line crossed the western side of the Simpson Desert.
Nulato is located on an old portage trail. It leads west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can be at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region and contains a wide range of landscapes, from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early, and also made it available on Google Books and their website. They explained their decision on their official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It must be audited and the proof needs to be official before any changes can be made.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union. In 1994, he toured with the IPO in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic centre. It is also a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
The band earned multiple awards and honors for their album meteora.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, the Slavs began to move into the area.
Two residence halls were built on campus from 1900 to 1920, along with facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name Arzashkun is a form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. The name is derived from Arzash, which is similar to the name Arsene, Arsissa, used by the ancients for a part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less restrictive environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni as trainers, but neither was successful.
Brighton is a city located in Washington County, Iowa.
She also appeared in music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979 to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline reappeared in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong. In 2006, she was featured in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis and is now described as Mario's friend.
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is likely between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are not only located in Bernese Oberland, but also in Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
Mary Ann Fisher Power was the daughter of Ann E Power and was baptized later.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as one of his favorite artists in an interview. He lamented that not many people knew or remembered Bawden.
The string can vibrate in various modes, like a guitar string producing different notes. Each mode is seen as a different particle, such as the electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.