One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed of the Sudanese military and the janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Mecca is the holiest city in Islam, and Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
A great dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away fast to the east.
He died six weeks later, on January 13, 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal and the Colin Mears Award has been presented with each since 2000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
The debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
The BZö differs from the Freedom Party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species of plants and animals disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, the NRC is an independent, private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is enclosed by the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
Five is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand on his birthday, there will be decorations in yellow.
The national museum of Scotland is the merged name for both the Scottish National Museum and the Edinburgh Museum.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960.
She performed for president Regan in 1988.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship in 8:10.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989, from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in the Voyager 2 images of Uranus.
They decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark in an effort to stop Dek.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that some other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, which are separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of Hebrides.
On July 12, 2008, Orton and his wife welcomed alanna Marie Orton.
Minor planet designations are numbered combination of letters overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase on September 30th and a weakening trend began.
Each entry in the database has a datum, a nugget of data that is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
Muslims must adhere to guidelines set by mosques when attending.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988, and is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The four reports in the organic matter assessment consist of three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area east of the mouth of the Vistula River was later called Prussia proper.
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
So far, the "celebrity" episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another jungiery boyband, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape Feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
The organic matter in soil comes from the voice of America, VOA Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones. Shirley Temple presented it to him.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is a landlocked country in the Czech Republic.
When people talk about 1 megabyte, they may be thinking about 220 bytes.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports regarding ethics in scholarship.
Castrating an animal makes it more docile or puts on more weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
The benchmarking conducted by Passmark Software highlighted the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain haven't been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The variance is the square root of the sum of the squares of the individual scores.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass, which will eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
The organic matter in soil can be explored in cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
Bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frederic Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
The eyes of these animals are small and their visual acuity is poor.
Chitin is only rivaled as biological materials in toughness by organic matter.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
He produced and published these works himself; while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
The high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok is believed to be due to the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of it.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy refers to the ability to read but not to enjoy it.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
The animal will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, landis' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
A few hours after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the amount of money that would be needed to hire someone to do that type of labor for that amount of time.
The researchers believed that the grounds were haunted, so they published their findings under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church; thereafter its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is Flynn vocals, guitar, Ducate bass, Phil Demmel guitar, and Dave McClain drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
the characters are extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was the bassist for the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but he left before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote, Messier took the Hart over Bourque by a margin of two votes.
Shade sets in motion the main plot of the novel when he impulsively disobeys that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
A daughter is the female equivalent of a son.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage caused by Hurricane Sandy was extensive up the Atlantic Coast and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The arms of Oberbarnim resemble the upper half of the soil.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953 that organic matter comes from plants and animals.
Chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
The den master sometimes allows a second male into the den; the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
There are some useful links below to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1948.
Nicole was left behind, and explanations for this vary.
James I appointed James as a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
After Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it, they saw it as an end in itself.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, who died in February 1912, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event taking place on August 23, 2009 in Los Angeles, California.
He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument, the cephalopod family.
Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship at 14:10. Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera afterwards.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in canada, democratic republic of congo, and the united states, but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
Naas is a major town in Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad opened in 1890, and the origin of the company was chartered on Christmas Eve of that year.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue located in the hollow interior of bones.
Blue reflection nebulae are usually caused by the scattering of blue light more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France.
Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
Messiaen's death marked the end of this project; Yvonne Loriod completed it with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
To travel through very remote areas, one needs advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop emerged in the early 1990s in the UK and was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines. Short trains are run on the Sheppard Line.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
There are about 95 accepted species of plants and animals in soil.
Eugowra is named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
Terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
Aracaju is the capital of the state of Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade despite this.
The gumbasia dance was created in a style taught by Vorkapich, called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became Brandon Lee's idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
The ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is for an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
In the past, the most commonly used calculation tool was the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album, "how to sell a soul to a soulman" was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations in 2004 due to Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did in 2005. System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and other plot captains are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They always keep the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "never leave your partner behind."
He won the 2008 presidential election.
A plant is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were suppressed by the government.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty and found west of the ancient city of Chang'an have this symbol.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
The composition of the material appears to be fairly pure iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche is home to the interception installations of Onyx.
A matchbook is a small folder with a cover that encloses a quantity of matches, and has a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy follows his time with twolegs and his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, is called gribble.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries inflicted by a club are generally known as.
Duns became the county town after Greenlaw became the county seat.
No skater has yet completed a quadruple axel in a competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour through the telephone exchange.
Even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as a pointed object about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much useful work the computer can accomplish in comparison to how much time and resources were used.
The largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan all border one another.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The key-dependent s-boxes and highly complex key schedule make the design notable.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are other nearby settlements.
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, "The Primavera," by Sandro Botticelli is from the Italian Renaissance.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymers are most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name "TV Guide" has survived as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Goals were eventually added behind each set of stands during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights; even if it no longer holds a market, it still has market rights.
The bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
In the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29, 1030, Olav Haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed.
Others have theorized that the Tresca gang was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use markup sparingly and only when it is necessary.
Schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is an suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Constituents of a politician are citizens residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by the politician.
Prunk is a senior fellow of the center for European Integration Studies in Bonn, and a member of the institute of European history in Mainz.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book, Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory, by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frederic Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
Quinine was effective, so colonists were able to swarm into the gold coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicate a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon; it is heavily cratered, has regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
These areas provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister can stay in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow Raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Manchester formed a group committed to contemporary music together.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
The site now houses Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb-Shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its original condition.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean.
If the PDFs contain images, they must be manipulated before distribution.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Flood waters accumulated in parts of Britain after heavy rain fell on October 5.
version 2009.1 of the usb installer allows the user to save their configuration and personal data if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as a doctor's honorarium.
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "by the way," "the zephyr song," "ca n't stop," and "dosed."
In April 2000, Minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Occasionally, dark brown spots are seen, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was principally a Scottish enterprise, with its thistle logo representing that country.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles helped audiences understand what was happening on-screen, and also helped historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance hadn't been up to veeck's usual promotional standard before the second game got underway.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done," and that "Fray is coming back."
Mutant characters appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He transported himself to Australia for seven years.
Charles found love in those days when he first met Sebastian.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was important in her life.
Dorsal means situated toward or growing off the side of an animal.
Protein was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang lay low for 16 months, evading capture.
Barneville-La-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
The extension was added in 1963, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
In the past, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line passed through the Simpson Desert on the western side.
The old portage trail leads west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest subregion of the Americas, and encompassed a vast and varied landscape.
Google later made the comic available on their site and mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994.
The Napoleonic Wars ended with the surrender of General Mack at Ulm, resulting in 30,000 casualties for the Austrians and 10,000 for the French.
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, or Tulu.
meteora received multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs on Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman's album were written by them.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
Campus construction in the early 1900s included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois, and is part of the United States.
The name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
The series aired on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The less stringent environment allows the design and use of the latter device.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She has appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Germany, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006.
Vaginal birth stretches the vagina.
It is believed that his real date of birth was between 1935 and 1939.
An inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process by half.
Parts of the BERNESE ALPS are in the adjacent CANTONS OF VALAIS, LUCERNE, OBWALDEN, FRIBOURG, AND Vaud.
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and each mode results in a different particle: an electron, a photon, a gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
