The Sudanese military and Janjaweed militia from the Rizeigat region fight on one side.
Jeddah is the entrance to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam which Muslims must visit once in their life.
The great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane clouds.
His next work follows a neurosurgeon on a busy day.
The tarantula quickly crawled east, pulling the ball with a black cord.
He died 6 weeks later on January 13, 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal winner has also received the £5000 Colin Mears Award.
Dancers follow the drummers and usually play a small, quiet drum called the sogo and perform complex movements.
The spacecraft has two parts: Cassini and Huygens.
Sandro Mazzola (born 1942) is an Italian ex-footballer.
The crash created dust that filled the small craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The bzö is different from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but not leaving the EU.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the 1800s due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
Today NRC is a private, independent foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport related to racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names were merged into the national museum of Scotland in 2007.
Nevertheless, Tagore copied many styles, including art from New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, JFK proposed the Peace Corps at Michigan Union.
She sang for Reagan in 1988 at the White House, which was broadcast on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri beat Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She stayed in the US until 1927, then she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was found in July 1989 from Voyager 2 photos.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia looks like an elongated object, pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in WA don't follow WA time.
Shell is used to make mosaics and inlays for decorating walls, furniture and boxes.
Other cities in Palos Verdes are Rancho, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a louse.
He supports a user-focused design process and promotes interaction design.
It is possible the editors and administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Group i evaluates climate system and changes.
The Hebrides form an island chain, separated from the Scottish mainland and inner Hebrides by the Minch, Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a baby on July 12, 2008.
The IAU oversees numbered-named minor planets.
On September 30, wind shear rose and the storm weakened.
Each entry contains a copy of data from the backing store.
Mosques require men and women to follow guidelines, even if not enforced.
Mariel of Redwall is a 1991 book by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser, born July 10, 1988, plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It has four reports, three from its working groups, like past assessments.
Their granddaughter is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson is a biochemist.
This stamp was used for the rest of Victoria's rule and was printed in large numbers.
The International Fight League was an American MMA organization.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a tiny parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has done many Christian-themed projects, including Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force and Left Behind: World at War, where he acted as Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was east of the Vistula River, sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach and then became director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The Christmas story is from the gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got in trouble for drinking and bad behavior at Chichester Cathedral.
Celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have been featured.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in Voyager 1's Jupiter pictures from March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called Gomaespuma.
The release date of the Resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is also part of a boyband called 183 Club.
Hippolytus says Christians sang Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" in feasts.
In return, Rollo promised loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and fought off Viking invasions in northern France.
It comes from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple gave Disney an Oscar and seven smaller ones.
It was the first asteroid seen by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is in Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is now known as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumers get confused when 1 mb is used instead of 1 mib.
Reports have discussed ethics in scholarship regarding the incident.
They are neutered to make them calmer or gain weight faster.
seventh sons have strong magic abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software showed the 2009 version had a 52 second install, 32 second scan and used 7 MB of memory.
Volterra is in Italy's Tuscany.
Until recently, itch and pain were thought to be the same, but now it's known they have similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky due to mucous containing glycoproteins which helps catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during a trial on May 30, 2006.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Get the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band show to stadium-goers.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is in France.
Without land use regulations , buildings will form on the bypass, leading to congestion like regular roads.
It's a good starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often hurt, but are usually not dangerous.
No one from Wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information.
George Frideric Handel worked for George, who became George I of Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
They are tough, rivaled only by chitin.
Oregano is important in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster card.
He published his own works and mostly got commissions for his woodcuts.
Historians use primary sources to write history.
The heavy ice on lake vostok is thought to create a high oxygen amount.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
aliteracy is the inability to read despite being able to.
mifepristone is a drug.
It will return to the river bed and digest its food until its next meal.
Also, kids don't usually tell if the criminal is someone they know, trust, or love.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of Floyd.
After becoming a category 4, the hurricane's edges were ragged.
The balance price for labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they wrote a book in 1911 under fake names.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered area.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's territory and later merged with Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland, caused flooding, and then disappeared.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Department was a NYC law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain are in the band.
Countries with few Muslims tend to use mosques to help people become involved in their communities more than those with many Muslims.
The characters are rude versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the first bassist of Hammerfall, but left before they released an album.
Culver won the 1998 Iowa Secretary of State race.
In 1990, Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade's disobedience causes the destruction of his colony's home, forcing them to migrate early and separate from him.
The female is a daughter.
He got an incurable stomach cancer diagnosis in April 1999.
Before the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
They play speed chess with twelve minutes per game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River.
The two presidents were charged for their involvement in the coup and massacre.
The damage reached up the Atlantic coast and inland to West Virginia.
These computers are likened to zombies because the owner is oblivious.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and became a tropical storm near Haiti on September 13.
The AP stylebook is updated yearly.
The four gospels are Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written before 100 AD.
Eschelbronn is famous for furniture making since the 1800s.
The top half looks like the Oberbarnim district's coat of arms.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, not ice like Earth clouds.
They cannot participate until they are adults.
Development releases are rare, but there are usually stable subversion snapshots to use.
In 1482, they sent him to Florence, his destiny.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two churches in Rostov: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in San Benito d'Alcantara Church.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in 1953.
Cogeneration, also called CHP, produces electricity and heat at the same time.
Sometimes the " den master " will let another male in; the cause is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS code that can be easily enabled in your Wikipedia settings.
Here are links to help you get involved.
He was prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She stayed when the other Nicoleños moved away; reasons are unknown.
James appointed him an organist in the Chapel Royal until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers valued the language and culture, even if it was never accepted by global organizations.
The dry air around the cyclone weakened the convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's wife for a short time and companion for a long time; she died in 1945.
Each license has its own number.
Most IRC servers don't need an account, but a nickname is needed to connect.
He became the youngest airplane mechanic in New York that year.
Summerslam 2009 is a wrestling event in Los Angeles on August 23.
He is often bald, with long whiskers, and is a representation of the southern star.
Some animals change color based on their environment, like the ermine and snowshoe hare, or quickly with chromatophores, like the cephalopod family.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by beating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
This is like having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together through universal connections.
His mom was an assistant and singer and his dad was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites mainly live in Canada, the DRC, and the US, but also in over 50 other countries.
Naas is a big suburb near Dublin with many people living there and commuting to work.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes on its neck and spine.
Origin Irmo was created on Christmas Eve 1890 when the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad opened.
Conversely, bills from the law commission start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived in Budapest with his wife, planning to retake Wallachia.
You can add up to 5 words on the front cover and 25 words on the back cover.
He is buried in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in bone cavities.
Reflection nebulae appear blue due to the scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a town in the Vaucluse department in France.
Macgruber searches for items to defuse the bomb but is sidetracked by personal matters and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the final movement with help from George Benjamin when Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin, Samak, and Somchai.
Travelling on remote tracks needs good planning and a reliable 4WD.
At Kahn, he was the main architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop was inspired by British pop from the 60s and 70s.
This was put into groups for the 11th international brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer people and shorter trains.
It holds 98,772 people, making it the biggest in Europe and the 11th largest globally.
In 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are short and of low quality.
95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Aboriginal word meaning "the sand sliding down the hill".
People often use "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government powers.
He wrote many pieces about Hiawatha, such as "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha", and "Hiawatha's Departure".
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was made using kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol and he became a lawyer.
Cowra, Australia is home to an historic township in the Central West.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, people used it for science and engineering calculations.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and is thinner.
Yoghurt is a fermented milk product.
75 defensemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Different ideas about the topic have been suggested throughout history, but none were accepted by Christian groups.
The album was banned from many stores.
The legs are wide at the top and slim at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman stopped four radio stations from airing Howard Stern's show due to Stern's plans to move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's, and their sales were higher than McDonald's Canadian sales by 2002.
Firefighter Caleb Holt in Georgia follows the fireman's rule of "never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female performer in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky planned the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped nationwide.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and English-speaking countries in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French musician, composer, and teacher.
The instrument was hard to control.
St. Mary the Greater is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly magazine about railroads.
He was awarded ch in 1988.
Onyx, a Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system, is in Loèche.
A matchbook is a cardboard folder containing matches with a rough surface outside.
She opposed smoking near kids and drug use in pregnant women.
She refused to leave the commune and challenged the judges to kill her.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume English manga series about his time with twolegs and returning to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not just stay together; many of the immigrants interacted with Americans every day.
He was well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metal furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst as a child.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer said logging is not good for preserving species like Leadbeater's Possum that need nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian hockey team.
Small inductors can be made on circuits using the same process as transistors.
The word gribble was first used for wood-boring species from Norway in 1799.
Wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt force trauma.
After that, the county was managed at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson commander could talk to all army bases on the harbor from the phone exchange.
Rules still apply to those who enter a mosque without praying.
It is sharp-faced and rabbit sized.
Computer performance is determined by how much work is done compared to time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the world's biggest reservoirs.
The crosier represents the local monasteries.
Human skin can be dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank in Chicago aided Yunus with the bank's incorporation under a Ford Foundation grant.
Bremer announced Saddam's trial, but the details were undecided.
Hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia started on March 9, 2000, owned by Bomis, Inc.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
Iain Grieve, born in 1987 in Botswana, plays rugby for Bristol Rugby.
Other settlements near are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added with golden garlands in 1938-39 when the column was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal service and stamps until 1990.
Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon can also be used.
The name remains as a brand for the related digital TV, radio, and website after the magazine ended.
At 4.5 years old, he was alone on the streets of northern Italy for the next 4 years, living in orphanages and traveling with other homeless kids.
Seats were added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town may still be called a market town even if it does not host a market, as long as the right to do so exists.
A fort was built on the east side.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Some think the NKVD killed Tresca for criticizing the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent.
Use html and css sparingly and only for a good reason.
Schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is in Croydon, England.
Depending on the situation, constituent can mean a citizen who lives in a politician's area and sometimes it means only those who voted for the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a small role in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with an arm and drove it up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The papers were released in a book the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano lullaby.
These attacks might have come from the mind instead of the body.
A historian said quinine helped colonists move to West Africa.
Studies show a stony surface made of hydrated minerals and silicates.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon, with craters and plains but no moons or atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These places are good homes for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in power as long as they have support from the lower house.
This scene is important to Rowling because it displays Harry's bravery, and his selflessness and compassion by recovering Cedric's body.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long fight in Frankfurt.
They created 'New Music Manchester', a modern music group.
The powerful hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
It is now the resting place of Meher Baba and has facilities and housing for visitors.
The church dome has been fixed.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Fifty-eight species of pipefish and seahorse exist.
Saint Martin is a Caribbean island close to Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs can't be shared if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain, leading to flooding.
version 2009.1 offers an USB setup to make a live USB and save user settings and data if wanted.
The seats were distributed based on each party's strength, with FDP getting 2, CVP 2, SP 2, and SVP 1.
A fee is a payment for services, such as what a doctor, lawyer, or consultant charges.
Ohio State has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland defeated the Norse and made a good deal.
The album's singles were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In 2000, Minix became open-source, but was outdated and used only by students and hobbyists.
The body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white, and sometimes has dark spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, symbolized by its thistle logo.
The warning was extended south as Jose strengthened, then canceled after it landed.
The San Diego Union Tribune reported in August 2003 that U.S. Marines used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards in the beginning of combat.
The former gave viewers information like intertitles, helping historians picture the film.
That is because third world assets can't be used to get money for business growth.
He ran away from Sydney Cove before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan demanded the police to give up.
The press said the "midget-in-a-cake" event was not good enough.
Joss Whedon said that "Fray is not done, it's coming back" in a video for Equality Now.
A mutant is a type of character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT is a test for college admissions in the U.S.
Unrest in northern Italy created the medieval music of Geisslerlieder, songs sung by traveling flagellants.
Some reports say that different things can cause paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sent to Australia for seven years.
Charles found a secret garden when he met Sebastian, which Waugh used as a metaphor throughout his work.
She was friends with Rasputin, which was important.
Dorsal describes parts on the backside of an animal.
Berzelius called proteins "protein" after Mulder noticed they had the same formula and might be one big molecule.
After the raid, the gang hid for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is in France's Calvados Department.
The color is from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension curved north from Union Station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a railway line passed near the Simpson Desert.
It stands on a path through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can be at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
It was the largest region in Mesoamerica, with mountains and plains from Sierra Madre to Yucatán.
Google posted the comic on their website and Google Books, and explained the early release on their blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, but it needs to be checked and proved before changes can be made.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but not widely used.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, playing in Russia, China, and India.
Napoleon won at Ulm, taking 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the Austrians.
It is a major economic hub in northern Nigeria, famous for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak a Dravidian language.
meteora won many awards.
After a standoff, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900-1920, many new buildings were built, such as for dental, pharmacy, chemistry, science, auditorium, hospital, library, and residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The Assyrian name arzashkun is an Armenian form of the proper name arzash, which is similar to the name arsene or arsissa given to a part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 people for the tv show.
It aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less strict settings.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither was successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, USA.
She was in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde became a town.
Pauline was in the 1994 Donkey Kong remake and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006, and is now called Mario's friend.
The vagina expands greatly during childbirth.
His birthday is thought to be from 1935 to 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug is needed to stop a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are in the Bernese Oberland region, but also in Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, baptized to Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey praised Bawden as his favorite artist, but few people knew him.
The string can make different particles like an electron or photon.
Gable was nominated for an Oscar for his role in Mutiny on the Bounty in 1935.
