The sudanese military and the janjaweed militia compose one side of the conflict.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city.
The great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane clouds.
His next work follows a successful neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula pulled the ball east with a black cord.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are related to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal is given the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000, since 2000.
Dancers follow the drummers and perform acrobatic choreography with a small drum called the sogo.
The spacecraft consists of the Cassini Orbiter and the Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola is a former Italian football player.
The smaller craters were filled in by the debris of the collision.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in anthropology.
The bzö is different from the Freedom Party, as it supports a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared with European settlement by the end of the 19th century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admissions to Tsinghua is competitive.
NRC is now a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport related to racquet sports.
Thailand is decorated with yellow on King Bhumibol's birthday.
The national museum of Scotland replaced both names in 2007.
Tagore emulated various styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British sought to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Colored and iridescent shell has been used in architectural decoration to make mosaics and inlays.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development and popularizing interaction design.
It is possible the editors and administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working Group I assesses climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides island chain is separated from the Scottish mainland by the Minch, Little Minch, and the Sea of Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center assigns formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a datum from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow the guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It consists of four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was used for the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion.
Giardia Lamblia is a parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films Left Behind.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the conservatory. He was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was reprimanded for his drinking and behaviour.
Celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have been featured in episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in Voyager 1 images taken around Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show gomaespuma.
The Resistance release date was announced on the band's website on June 16, 2009.
He is part of the boyband 183 club.
The singing of Hallel Psalms with alleluia was part of early Christian feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to protect France from other Viking groups.
It comes from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven mini ones.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is in the Czech Republic.
Consumers are confused when 1 mb is referred to as 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been done on ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
The animal is castrated to make it more docile and gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark software benchmarking showed a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization for the 2009 version.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain have recently been found to have features in common, but also differ.
The tongue is sticky due to mucous which helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a live rock band performance at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in northwestern France.
Without strong land use controls, a bypass can become congested like regular roads.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland can be explored from Cairns.
Bruises often cause pain, but are not usually dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their sight is poor.
Chitin is the toughest biological material.
Oregano is important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and using Oyster cards.
He published his own works and commissioned larger woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The continental icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
Aliteracy is being able to read but being uninterested.
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical compound.
It will sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime when it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Floyd's father is now one of his biggest fans.
The hurricane's outer convection became ragged after it became a category 4.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
They published their findings in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's rule as part of the Legation of Perugia, and then with the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band has Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but he left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990.
Shade's disobedience of the law leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing the colony to migrate and separating him from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
The form of chess played is speed chess with 12 minutes per game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coast and inland to West Virginia.
These computers are compared to zombies because the owner is usually unaware.
The wave became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between 65-100 AD.
Eshelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former Oberbarnim district.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, not ice.
Their participation is limited until adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but subversion snapshots can be used.
The order sent him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the San Benito d'Alcantara church.
Stanley Miller and Harold Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine to generate both electricity and heat.
The male den master sometimes allows a second male into the den.
A Wikipedia gadget is a code snippet that can be activated in the Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him an organist of the Chapel Royal until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Esperanto speakers began to view the language and culture as valuable even if it was never accepted by international organizations.
Dry air weakened the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was the companion and, briefly, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a version number.
Users must set a nickname before connecting to an IRC server.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York in that same year.
Summerslam 2009 will be held at Staples Center in Los Angeles on August 23, 2009.
He is usually portrayed as being bald and having long whiskers and is an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Programs should do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites have large populations in Canada, D.R. Congo, and the US, but can also be found in 51 countries around the world.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes along its neck and spine.
Irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords.
In the years before his release in 1474, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his wife.
You can add a passage of up to five or 25 words as cover text in the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb but is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom they accused of being Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel.
Some articles are long and of high quality, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
There are about 95 species accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English people often use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, and Constitutional law.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost a decade.
gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer, inspired by Brandon Waise Lee.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township near Cowra, in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army in 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China were digging along the Peel River.
The slide rule was the most used calculation tool before calculators.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and is thinner.
Yoghurt is a product made from fermented milk.
Seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, while 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
Suleman cut Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations in late 2004.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's in 2005 and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's in Canada in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the rule, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
Radar observations suggest the composition is mainly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly journal covering the railway industry.
He was appointed ch in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a folder with matches and a striking surface on the outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English manga series about his time with twolegs and his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst in childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argues that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team from Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum, described in 1799 in Norway.
Bludgeoning injuries are caused by a club.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has completed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are rules that apply to those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying.
It is described as rabbit-sized and pointed in the face.
Computer performance is determined by the amount of work done compared to the resources used.
Large reservoirs can be found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes regional monasteries.
Human skin hues vary greatly.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus to incorporate the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details have not been determined.
Hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Afghanistan is bordered by Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis Inc.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He plays back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring of the column was added in 1938-39 when it was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal system until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers can be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was homeless in northern Italy for four years.
Stands were added behind the goals in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town can still be considered a market town even if it no longer holds a market.
A bastion was built later.
Olav Haraldsson is killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29.
Some believe that tresca was removed by the NKVD as punishment for criticizing the Soviet Union's Stalin regime.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css sparingly and with purpose.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can also mean a citizen residing in an area served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the French film 'Taxi 3'.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway.
The conference papers were published in a book the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano berceuse.
These attacks may have been mental rather than physical.
Quinine allowed colonists to move into West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is like the moon; it is filled with craters, has no moons and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zürich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only with the support of the lower house.
Harry shows bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group devoted to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine and pilgrim facilities are located there.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island near Puerto Rico.
PDFs with images cannot be distributed without additional manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in a robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in some parts of Britain on October 5th, resulting in flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer to create a live USB where user data can be saved.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strength in the federal assembly: FDP-2, CVP-2, SP-2, and SVP-1.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially to professionals.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to defend against a Norse invasion.
The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open-source, but it mainly remained an OS for students and hobbyists.
The body color of this species varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and can be marked with dark brown spots.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, the national flower of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southward before being canceled after landfall.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots used firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
Intertitles help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Real estate and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
The press thought the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not good enough for Veeck's standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back."
Marvel Comics publishes mutant characters.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the US.
Geisslerlieder were penitential songs sung by flagellants during civil unrest in Northern Italy.
Factors can increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian and found a secret garden.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was important in her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to anatomical structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noted that all proteins had the same formula and might be composed of one type of large molecule.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added to the station, going north to Bloor Street and then west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a railway line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The portage trail leads west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica includes the mountainous Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early and shared it on Google Books and their site.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which is checked and needs official documentation before changing.
Political Economy was published in 1985 but not widely used in classrooms.
The IPO toured the Soviet Union and China in 1990 and 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria is an important economic center for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, Slavs moved into the area.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name Arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen out of 16,421 participants to appear on the show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC network from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither were successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, USA.
She appeared in multiple music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the Donkey Kong game remake in 1994 and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006, though she is now seen as Mario's friend.
The vagina can stretch many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His birthdate is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a process by half.
The Bernese Alps span across multiple cantons, not just Bern.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Anne Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists.
The string can vibrate in different modes and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in "Mutiny on the Bounty".
