The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, mainly composed of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, are on one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city.
There is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work follows a day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula crawled away to the east, pulling on the black cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 has been awarded the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers and usually play the sogo, a tiny silent drum, with acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements, the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
The smaller craters were filled by the debris from the collision.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party, as it favors a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is difficult.
NRC is now a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport related to racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow color.
The national museum of Scotland absorbed both names in 2007.
Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 by Voyager 2.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to force him out and take the land.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes a user-centered design process and interaction design.
There is a possibility of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Working Group I assesses the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the waters of the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed a daughter on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center is a branch of the IAU and oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend started on September 30.
Each entry has a copy of the data from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
It consists of four reports, like previous assessment reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
Vast quantities of this stamp were printed during the remainder of Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan to teach and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble for his drinking and immoderate behaviour.
'Celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted a Spanish radio show called gomaespuma.
The release date for The Resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of the jungiery boyband 183 club.
Early Christian feasts sang Hallel Psalms with alleluia as the refrain.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity and defended northern France against other Viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size and seven miniature Oscar statuettes.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland continues in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 1 mb is used instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship regarding the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer or gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarked the 2009 version's install, scan and memory utilization times.
Volterra is in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Itch and pain were not considered to be independent until recently.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which helps catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and music for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of France.
Without land use controls, the bypass can become congested like local streets.
It is a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt but are not usually dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia is responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the toughest biological material.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be used on national rail services, the docklands light railway and with an Oyster card.
He produced and published his own works and commissioned woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The weight of the icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical.
It will sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, landis' father is a big fan of his son.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged after it reached category 4 status.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
They published their findings in a book, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont, due to their belief in the hauntings.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's temporal rule and connected with the history of the States of the Church and later, in 1860, with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Mosques are used to promote civic participation more in countries with minority Muslim populations than in Muslim-majority countries of the greater Middle East.
The characters are foul-mouthed versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released an album.
In 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990.
Shade's disobedience of a law leads to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived.
The form of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
These computers are compared to zombies because the owner is unaware.
A wave formed into a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half of the coat of arms resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they are adults.
Stable releases are rare, but subversion snapshots may be used.
He was sent to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and heat.
The male "den master" occasionally allows a second male into the den, but the reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him an organist of the Chapel Royal until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Esperanto speakers now see the language and culture as important, even if not adopted by international organizations.
Dry air weakened the deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was the companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has its own version number.
IRC users must set a nickname before connecting.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York in that year.
Summerslam 2009 is a wrestling event taking place on August 23, 2009 in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Certain animals can change color in changing environments.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Multiple programs do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
His parents were musical; his mother was a singer and his father was a band director.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries worldwide.
Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates set into the skin with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area.
Irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital before his final release in 1474.
You can add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and a passage of up to 25 words to the back cover.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the hollow of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to more efficient scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in southern France.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb but is usually distracted by his personal life.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin's governments.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive.
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 at Kahn.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal.
Britpop was influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users and shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored by the State of Israel.
Some articles are longer and of better quality than others.
There are currently 95 species accepted.
Eugowra is named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English terms such as "undies" and "movie" are common.
Jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government powers.
He wrote pieces about Hiawatha, such as the Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer like his idol, Brandon Waise Lee.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China looked for gold along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was the most used calculation tool before the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and is thinner.
Yoghurt is made from fermented milk.
More defencemen than goaltenders have been inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Alternative views have been suggested, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs widen at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's in 2005 and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and he follows the rule "never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist and composer.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche holds the Onyx interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and a striking surface.
She objected to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume English manga series following Graystripe's journey from when he was taken by twolegs in Dawn until his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in separate communities and were able to interact with Americans daily.
He was also known for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst as a child.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer claims that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Canada.
Inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term 'gribble' was originally used for wood-boring species, especially Limnoria lignorum from Norway.
The wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has landed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Rules still apply to those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying.
It is described as pointed and rabbit-sized.
Computer performance is measured by amount of work done compared to resources used.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolises the monasteries.
Human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but details have not been determined.
At the end of the season, the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc.
The design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana.
Other settlements nearby are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
A fourth ring was added to the column in 1938-39 when it was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers can also be used.
The name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town may be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson is killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29th.
The NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when needed.
Schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can refer to a citizen residing in an area served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer and shot the scene while driving up Templin Highway.
A book was published the next year about employment and inflation theory.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological.
Quinine allowed colonists to move to West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon and has no moons or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are good for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office with the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and selflessness.
He and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They created new music manchester, a group focused on contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is located at the site, along with facilities for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Fifty-eight species of pipefish and seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island east of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without manipulation if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in Britain on October 5, resulting in flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer that allows users to save their configuration and data.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is the price paid for services.
Ohio State's library system is spread across twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software, but other operating systems had already improved upon it, and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, the Scottish floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended, before being canceled after landfall.
U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards in August 2003.
The latter gave viewers information that was later provided by intertitles.
Assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He escaped Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
The press did not think the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had lived up to Veeck's standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back".
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in Northern Italy created the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder.
Various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian and found a "low door in the wall" to an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added from Union Station to near Bloor Street and St. George.
Before 1980, the Central Australian Line of the Commonwealth Railways passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail leading west.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is a large sub-region ranging from the Sierra Madre to northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early and mentioned it on its blog.
Pedigrees may be registered with the college, which is audited and requires proof before being altered.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985.
The IPO performed in the Soviet Union in 1990 and in China and India in 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria is an economic hub for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were created on campus from 1900 to 1920.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen among the 15 candidates out of 16,421 participants.
Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She was in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the 1994 remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006, as Mario's friend.
The vagina can stretch many times its normal size during childbirth.
His real birthday is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance needs to be present to reduce a biological process by half.
Parts of the Bernese Alps are found in different cantons.
Mary Ann Fisher Power was born to Ann E. Power.
Edward Gorey praised Bawden, saying few people remember or know about him.
The string can produce different particles like electrons, photons, gluons, etc.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in 'Mutiny on the Bounty' (1935).
