The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia, made up of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, form one side of the conflict.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the most sacred city of Islam, which Muslims must go to at least once in their life.
The great dark spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud.
His next work, Saturday, is about a neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula pulled the ball away using a black cord and headed east.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The culture of the coastal people of Papua New Guinea is similar.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 has also been awarded the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
After the drummers are dancers who play a small drum called the sogo and have intricate movements.
The spacecraft is made of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 and was an Italian football player.
People thought the debris filled in the small craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and earned a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Pure dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very hard.
NRC is a private, independent foundation.
Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport similar to racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names ended in 2007 when they joined the National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore copied different styles such as craftwork from New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts from Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960 at Michigan Union.
She played for President Reagan in 1988's White House Series on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri beat Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband went back to France in 1927.
Despina was found in July 1989 from Voyager 2 pictures.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held on 4 September 1921 in Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories called "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, facing towards Uranus.
The British wanted to take the land by force so they eliminated him.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not observe Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to make mosaics and inlays to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears Drek will ruin the galaxy and asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes using a user-centric design process in product development and promotes interaction design as a main discipline.
It is possible that the people who reported and blocked you are in a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Group i evaluates the science of climate change.
The Hebrides are a chain of islands, separated from Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by rough seas.
Orton and his wife had a baby girl on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and it began to weaken in early September 30.
Each entry has a datum, a piece of data, which is a duplicate of data in the backing store.
Men and women must follow the guidelines when going to a mosque, even if it is not enforced.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel "Mariel of Redwall" in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born July 10, 1988, plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It has four reports, three from working groups, like other assessment reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a nuclear physics professor and Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Queen Victoria's rule and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine, leading to giardiasis.
Cameron has also starred in various Christian films such as the Left Behind series, playing the character Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, known as "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan and taught at the conservatory. He was later chosen as the Artistic Director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The Christmas story is found in the gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was later in trouble for his drinking and bad behavior.
The 'celebrity' episodes have starred Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in Voyager 1's photos of Jupiter taken on March 5th, 1979.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance's release date was announced on the band's website on June 16th, 2009.
He is part of a boyband named 183 Club.
Hippolytus' Apostolic Tradition mentions singing Hallel psalms with "Alleluia" as a refrain at early Christian feasts.
In response, Rollo agreed to be loyal to Charles, become a Christian and protect northern France from Viking invasions.
It is taken from VOA Special English.
Disney was presented with an Oscar and seven small ones by Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid spotted by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is in Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is now called Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Confusion arises when 220 bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Reports have discussed the ethical implications of the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer or fatten it faster.
Seventh sons have magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark software found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and used 7 MB of memory.
Volterra is in Tuscany, Italy.
Itch and pain have not been seen as separate until recently, when it was found they have similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky due to mucous with glycoprotein, which aids movement and captures insects.
The tram derailed at the Starr Gate Loop during previous tests.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground, honoring their roles as former Ipswich Town and England managers.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers supplied food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and music for the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Without land use regulations, a bypass could become congested like a town road.
It is a place to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of information from their website.
George Frideric Handel was Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who became George I of Great Britain.
They have small eyes and poor vision.
Chitin is the toughest biological material.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster card.
He created and published his own works and had larger woodcuts that were mainly commissioned.
Historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history using the historical method.
The large weight of the ice on Lake Vostok is thought to raise the oxygen levels.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the ability to read but not wanting to.
Mifepristone is a pharmaceutical steroid.
It will let go and sink back to the river bed to eat and wait for its next meal.
Research shows that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a huge supporter of his son and is a big fan of Floyd.
The storm became disorganized after reaching category 4.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
Believing the area was haunted, they wrote a book about it using pseudonyms in 1911.
He moved to London and taught mostly in practice.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered area.
In 1438, Trevi was part of the Legation of Perugia and under the control of the Church. After 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved into Brazil and caused flooding and heavy rains before it dissipated the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with few Muslim people are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic participation than countries with many Muslims.
Pete and Dud are characters with bad language.
Johan was the first bassist of Hammerfall but left before they released an album.
In 1998, Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes.
Shade's actions start the novel's plot by breaking a law, leading to the destruction of his colony's home, their migration, and his separation from them.
A female's equivalent is a daughter.
He had abdominal cancer that was not able to be operated on in April 1999.
Before the storm, the National Park Service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds on the Outer Banks.
Chess is played in speed style with twelve minutes total for the game.
The Amazon Basin is the region in South America drained by the Amazon River.
Two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason related to the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju Massacre.
The Atlantic coast and West Virginia had moderate to severe damage.
Computers owned by unaware owners are compared to zombies.
The wave spread across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for furniture production since the 19th century.
The top half looks like the coat of arms of the old Oberbarnim district.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are frozen methane, not ice.
Their involvement is restricted until they are legally adults.
Development releases are uncommon, but stable snapshots are available.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his "destiny city".
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in San Benito d'Alcantara church.
Stanley Miller and Harold Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration produces both electricity and heat.
Occasionally a male "den master" will let another male into the den, but why is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS code that can be enabled from the Wikipedia preferences.
Here are helpful links for you to get involved.
He was Egypt's Prime Minister from 1945-1948.
She was left when the other Nicoleños were moved to the mainland and the reasons for this vary.
James I named him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he worked as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed by the award and said he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers later valued the language and culture even if it is never used internationally.
The dry air weakened the storm's deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, known as Eva Hitler, died in 1945 and was the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has its own version number.
IRC servers do not need account registration but users must set a nickname first.
He got a mechanics certificate in that year, making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a WWE pay-per-view on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
He is usually shown as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color according to their environment, like the ermine and snowshoe hare seasonally, or cephalopods quickly with chromatophores.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship in a steel cage match against Rikishi, pinning him after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
Like unix, many programs do one thing well and work together with universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was a singer and admin assistant and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The most Mennonites live in Canada, the DRC, and the U.S. but can be found in 51 countries on 6 continents.
Naas is a town near Dublin with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck, back and shoulders.
On Christmas Eve in 1890, origin irmo was established because of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills from the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before Vlad was freed in 1474, he lived in Hungary with his wife while planning the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a passage of up to five words to the front cover and up to 25 words to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that makes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a town located in Vaucluse, France.
Macgruber tries to create something to defuse the bomb, but gets distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the final movement's orchestration with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as a holy city after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad asked for the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat to resign.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle.
He was the chief architect of the Fisher Building while working at Kahn in 1928.
He apologizes and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop music came from the British independent music scene in the 1990s and was inspired by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop.
This was split into battalions to form the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and uses shorter trains.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and 11th largest in the world.
In 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel as Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and have lots of content, while others are shorter and lower quality.
Approximately 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Aboriginal word meaning "place where sand slides down the hill".
People often use terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction comes from international law, conflicting laws, constitutional law and government powers to give resources for its own society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than male colleagues for 10 years.
Vorkapich taught a style of creating movies called Kinesthetic Film Principles, which was used to make Gumbasia.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol and MK Sun became a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old town near Cowra, NSW, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, the slide rule was widely used in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, longer battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is created by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the Hall of Fame and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Different opinions on the subject have been suggested over time but none accepted by mainstream Christian groups.
The album was not allowed in many record stores.
The legs widen at the top and taper at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's discussions about Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had more system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Georgia, follows the rule of never leaving his partner.
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the votes.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with a symbol were discovered near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and teacher who lived from 1921 to 1968.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a mainly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine about railways, metros, light rails, and trams.
He earned the CH in 1988.
Onyx, a Swiss interception system, is located in Loèche.
A matchbook is a small folder with matches and a striking surface outside.
She protested cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She refused to leave the commune and challenged the judges to execute her.
Graystripe's trilogy is a 3-volume English manga series about the time he was taken by Twolegs and returned to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in cities and many immigrants who were peddlers interacted with Americans frequently.
He was known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during her childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer believes logging practices are not sustainable for species that need hollows, like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a hockey team in Canada.
Small inductors can be made on ICs using the same processes used for transistors.
The term "gribble" came from the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum, discovered by Rathke in Norway in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, county administration was at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw was the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition.
The commandant could talk to all military bases on the harbour from the phone exchange.
Rules still apply to those who enter a mosque without praying.
It is shaped like a pointy face and size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work done compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries in the area.
Human skin can be dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank aided Yunus in the formation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer announced plans to try Saddam, but the details were undecided.
Hockey writers' association members vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan north, Iran west, Pakistan south, and China east.
Nupedia was created on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added with golden garlands in 1938-39 when the column was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal service and issued stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli from 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The common polymer is epoxy but other polymers can also be used.
The name lives on as a brand for a linked digital TV channel, radio station, and website after the magazine ended.
At 4.5 years old, he was alone in northern Italy for 4 years, staying in orphanages and travelling with other homeless children.
Seats were added to the ground in the 80s and 90s as it was modernized.
A town can be called a market town even if no market is held there, if it still has the right to do so.
A bastion was built later on the eastern side.
Olav Haraldsson is killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Others think Tresca was killed by the NKVD for being critical of the Soviet Union's Stalin government.
This made Montenegro and Serbia two independent countries.
Only use html and css markup when necessary.
Schuschnigg denied the reports of riots.
addiscombe is a suburb in London.
A constituent can mean a citizen in the area of a politician, usually those who voted for them.
Prunk is part of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer with an arm for the hovercraft and filmed on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
Papers from the conference were published in a book the following year.
Wario Land is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano solo for Berceuse.
These attacks could have been psychological instead of physical.
Quinine's ability allowed colonists to move into West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show signs of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a rocky surface.
She was the editor for her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon with craters, flat areas, and no moons or atmosphere.
The town is situated in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are good habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, different rulers from the Delhi Sultanate managed Dhaka before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in power if they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for rowling because it displays harry's courage and his selfless act of bringing back cedric's body.
On June 1, 1972, three RAF members were caught after a long gunfight in Frankfurt.
They created a group called "New Music Manchester" dedicated to modern music.
The powerful hurricane caused destruction in the Florida Keys with a massive 18-20 foot storm surge.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is located there, and there are services for visitors.
The main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
49 pipefish species and 9 seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a Caribbean island near Puerto Rico.
PDFs with images cannot be shared without modification.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for joining an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer to make a Live USB where user data and settings can be saved.
The seats were divided based on the parties' power in the federal assembly, with FDP having 2, CVP 2, SP 2, and SVP 1 member.
A fee is payment for services, like a doctor or lawyer's fee.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland stopped a Norse attack and made a good deal.
The album had "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking" as singles.
In 2000, Minix became an open source software with a free software license, but other operating systems were more advanced so it was mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color can be medium brown, golden, beige-white and sometimes has dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, shown by its thistle logo which is Scotland's flower symbol.
The warning area was extended south as Jose grew stronger, then canceled after it made landfall.
In 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported U.S. Marine pilots and commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards at the start of battle.
Later, intertitles provided audiences with information and historians can use this to imagine what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in third world countries cannot be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender.
The press did not think the "midget-in-a-cake" promotion was good enough before the second game.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a video to promote Equality Now.
A mutant is a character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the US.
Medieval musical form of geisslerlieder created due to civil unrest in northern Italy.
Several reports suggest that many things can lead to paralysis and hallucinations.
He was transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles searched for love when he met Sebastian and found a low door in a wall that led to an enchanting garden, a metaphor in the work.
Her relationship with Grigori Rasputin was significant.
The term dorsal refers to body parts on or near the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed all proteins had the same formula and could be made from one large molecule.
After the raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in Calvados, France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension curved north from Union Station to Bloor Street, ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a part of the Commonwealth Railways traveled along the Western side of the Simpson Desert.
The portage trail is located in the mountains, leading to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy can have arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region included the Sierra Madre mountains and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google posted the comic online and explained the early release on its blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college and it must have official proof before being changed.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
The IPO toured in the Soviet Union and China in 1990 and 1994.
At Ulm, Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army, which resulted in Napoleon taking over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 Austrian casualties.
Northern Nigeria's economic hub for many years, exporting groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak a Dravidian language.
meteora won the band awards and honors.
After a short pause, the WWF cavalry faced Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new structures were built on campus, such as buildings for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library buildings, and two residence halls.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois.
Arzashkun is an Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka that comes from Arzash and is connected to a name from ancient times, Arsen, Arsissa, used for Lake Van.
She was one of 15 chosen from 16,421 participants for the TV show.
ABC aired the show from 1993 to 2005.
The latter device can be used in less strict conditions.
gimnasia hired two famous trainers, but neither were successful.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She was in music videos like "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was given its town charter to commemorate the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline came back in the 1994 remake of Donkey Kong and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006 and is now labeled Mario's friend.
The vagina is very stretchy and can get much bigger during childbirth.
His birthdate is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
A measure of how much of a drug is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
Parts of the Bernese Alps are in Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud, even though the name suggests they're in Bern.
He had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power in Anne Power.
Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists, but few people knew about him.
A string can vibrate in various ways, like a guitar string, and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable got an Oscar nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty (1935).
