one side of the armed conflicts in sudan is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia , a sudanese group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Mecca is an important city in Islam and muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot on Neptune is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next novel , saturday , will follow the day-to-day life of a successful neurosurgeon .
tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died on january 888 .
the people of Papua New Guinea are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal and the colin mears award have been given to the same recipient .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo drum which makes almost no sound and has more elaborate and even acrobatic choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was an Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller gaps .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelors degree in anthropology in 1943 .
the bzö is a political party in germany that is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty , but against an EU withdrawal .
the disappearance of many species was a result of european settlement .
michael wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan is a white powder that is in its pure form .
to gain admission to tsinghua university , one must be extremely competitive .
today the nrc is an independent, private foundation.
it is a city located in the baltic sea , at the coast of the country .
he was also named 1982 sportsman of the year by sports illustrated .
five-a-side football is a sport that is believed to have originated from many racquet sports .
throughout thailand on monday , king bhumibol's birthday , everything will be decorated in yellow color
the national museum of scotland is a museum in scotland that is dedicated to the history of scotland and the people of scotland .
nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles of art, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union.
she gave two performances for president reagan in 1988 - one at the white house and one on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn (with terri) defeated eddie guerrero (with chyna) to win the world Wrestling Federation European championship 8:10 saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to their native country of france .
despina was discovered in 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories : the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
an elongated object can be seen in the voyager 2 images of ophelia - it is the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in south-east western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true fly .
he is a proponent of applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other people who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who is half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i of the united nations international climate change negotiations is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , a group of islands that are separated from the mainland of Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of Hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed their second child, a daughter, on July 12, 2008.
a minor planet is a celestial object with a name consisting of two or three letters .
on september 30 , wind shear increased and a weakening trend began .
each entry in the database has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
in order to avoid violating mosque guidelines , both men and women must adhere to them when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a book about a mouse who goes on a journey to find her family .
ryan prosser is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like earlier reports from its working groups , this fourth report consists of three parts .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a nuclear physicist at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion that was billed as the world's first mma league .
giardia is a parasite that causes giardiasis .
aside from this , Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this is the area east of the mouth of the vistula river that is sometimes called " prussia proper ".
after he graduated from university he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
well-known author and critic d. h. lawrence was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far ' celebrity ' episodes of the show have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show that was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the Resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another k-pop boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
Rollo became a Christian in return for swearing fealty to Charles, converting to Christianity, and undertaking to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
VOA is an english language radio station in the united states
disney received a full-size oscar award and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft , and was later named after the discoverer, Johannes Kepler .
the hinterrhein district is located in the canton of graubünden in Switzerland .
the bohemian village of zelená hora continues as the czech republic's bohemian village .
when referring to the size of a file in binary , it is common to use the term "mb" rather than "mb" to avoid confusion with the SI unit of measurement, the metre .
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more tractable or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
benchmarking of the 2009 version of the software found that it took 52 seconds to install, 32 seconds to scan, and 7 MB of memory.
volterra is in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps to catch ants and termites .
on 30 may 2006, a tram derailed at starr gate loop during previous trials .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson are outside the football ground .
take the square root of the variance of the data .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is located in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore the cooktown peninsula , cape york , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous
you are solely responsible for what you do with the information on these pages .
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister (music director) for George, Elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are quite small and they have a poor visual acuity .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a common ingredient in greek cuisine .
one can buy tickets for national rail services (such as the railway network in the UK ), the docklands light railway (a light rail system in London ) and on an oyster card (a contactless card used for travelling on public transport in the UK ).
these are the works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method is a way of research and writing history that uses primary sources and other evidence .
the high oxygen concentration in lake vostok is believed to be due to the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of it .
as of the 2000 census , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the ability to read but not be interested in it .
mifepristone is a medicine that is used to treat pregnant women who are having a miscarriage .
the crocodile will eat its food and then sink back to the river bottom to digest it .
furthermore , it has been found that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
the outer convection of the hurricane weakened shortly after attaining category 4 status .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that will result in the most labor being hired .
in 1911 , elizabeth morison and frances lamont wrote a book about their haunted grounds discovery under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he became a teacher in london and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several restaurants : a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region of afghanistan .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , which then merged with the states of the church in 1860 .
on the 20th of december the depression moved inland and lost its convection , leading to heavy rains and flooding in brazil the next day .
the new york city housing authority police department was an american law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band features flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east.
the earlier characters Pete and Dud have foul-mouthed extensions in the film .
johan was the bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998 , culver was elected secretary of state of iowa .
in the 1990 voting for the hart trophy , mark messier received two more first-place votes than ray bourque .
shade initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is a female equivalent of a father .
he was diagnosed with an inoperable form of cancer in April 1999 .
before hurricane sandy hit the eastern seaboard in october 2012, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is a type of chess that is played quickly .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries and their respective drainage basins .
in 1979, two former presidents were separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage was caused up the atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner tends to be unaware of the problems with these computers , they are metaphorically compared to zombies .
a tropical depression formed off the north coast of haiti on september 13th .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john. They were probably written between AD 65-100. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
eschelbronn is a town in south-west germany famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .
until they reach the legal age of adulthood , they are not allowed to participate in the military .
development snapshots are unstable releases that are often used for subversion .
in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , where he would live the rest of his life .
two of Rostov's principal landmarks were destroyed by the Bolsheviks in the Soviet years : st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he was born on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain .
this experiment was done by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes a second male will be allowed into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a small javascript and / or css snippet that you can enable in your wikipedia preferences to make your editing experience faster and easier .
here are some helpful links if you want to get more involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt four times : in 1945, 1946, 1948, and 1952 .
Nicoleños were left on the island when the rest of the population was moved to the mainland in the 19th century .
James I appointed him an organist at the chapel royal in at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin initially said he may not accept his award because he was embarrassed .
later, Esperantists began to see the language and the culture that had grown around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
dry air from the south surrounded the cyclone early on september 12, slowly eroding the deep convection that had formed.
calvin baker is an american writer who is best known for his novels .
eva anna paula braun was a woman who was close to adolf hitler and she died in 1945.
different versions of the license have different version numbers .
before being connected to an irc server , a user must set a nickname .
in 2008 , he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york city .
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event that is being produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is an incarnation of the southern polestar and is usually portrayed as being bald .
several animals have chromatic response : an ermine changes color in different environments , a snowshoe hare changes color more rapidly , and a cephalopod family changes color in response to different environments .
val venis won the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match . Venis pinned rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a television camera.
this philosophy is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he is from a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale .
mennonites are a religious denomination , found mainly in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but also in communities in at least 51 other countries on six continents .
naas is a town in dublin, ireland. many people live there and work in Dublin.
acanthopholis wore armour with oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills that originate in the house of lords are called consolidation bills .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , vlad the Impaler resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a front-cover text and a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he was buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
bone marrow is the soft tissue that is found inside bones
blue reflection nebulae are usually seen because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light . This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a town in the vaucluse department in southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
macgruber starts trying to disarm a bomb using simple objects , but he is later distracted by something else in his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this work was substantially complete when messiaen died ; and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi'ite muslims believe karbala is one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the Thai political reform group called for the resignations of three Thai government ministers .
traveling through very remote areas often requires advance planning and a four wheel drive vehicle
while he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928, he designed the fisher building.
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves for rehearsal .
britpop was a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by the british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
battalions were formed for the xi international brigade in 2007 .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .
it is the eleventh largest stadium in the world and the third largest in europe .
in december of 1967 , ten boom was honored by the state of israel as one of the righteous among the nations .
some articles are of greater quality than others .
95% of the species that have been identified are currently accepted by taxonomists .
eugowra is an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
some english words that are often heard are " undies " and " movie ."
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government .
he followed this with several other reviews about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state of aracaju is aracaju .
farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade despite this .
kinesthetic film principles are a style of filmmaking created by gumbasia teacher vorkapich
brandon waise lee is a lawyer and mk sun is a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located in the central west of north australia in the cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 and served until he was discharged on 2 december 2004 .
prospectors were digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes in california , europe and china in the 1800s .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the new kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
the hall of fame for defencemen is more crowded than any other position in the nhl today , with seventy-five enshrined players , while only thirty-five goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the topic have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores throughout the nation .
the legs are wide at the top and at the ankle
suleman , a radio personality in the us , cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations in 2004 because stern was about to move to sirius satellite radio .
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did in their IPO by March 2005, and their system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with an estimated 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil that is believed to have first evolved .
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
in 1913, stravinsky wrote the ballet 'the Nutcracker'
the protests were suppressed by the government .
operettas by offenbach were very popular in europe and north america in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles that date back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an) .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was an organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue who was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
st. mary the greater is the earliest extant church in assisi , built in the 6th century .
the radar observations show that the metal has a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed a companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbour is the location of the interception station for electronic intelligence gathering known as onyx .
a matchbook is a small folder with a cover of matches and a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women
she vowed not to renounce her membership in the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe 's trilogy is a manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and the time he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
many syrian immigrants who worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis ; this was not the case for samovar & porter 1994 .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
she has had a lot of health problems in her childhood : she had collapsed lungs twice and she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer , an australian national university professor , argues that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable and are harming hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team that is based in montreal, quebec, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
gribbles are a type of wood-boring beetle that was originally called limnoria lignorum by rathke in 1799.
club wounds are generally injuries caused by blunt force trauma .
duns became the county town in 1596 and greenlaw became the county seat in 1847 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple jump in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray , there are still some rules that apply .
it is a small, pointed animal about the size of a rabbit .
a computer system is said to be performing well if it is able to accomplish more work in a shorter amount of time than it would if it were working with more resources .
some of the largest rivers in the world flow through Russia .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region.
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
shorebank bankers helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial in early 2003 , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined at the time .
the professional hockey writers ' association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are adjacent to afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 by bomis, a web portal company.
the design features a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule
iain grieve is a rugby union player who currently plays for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
Pont-bellanger is a small town located near Beaumesnil, two other nearby settlements.
the quark model was independently proposed by two physicists in 1964 .
the fourth ring at the coliseum is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location
until 1990, west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps .
sandro botticelli's painting, the primavera, is a work from the italian renaissance, painted in c. 1482.
sydney is new south wales 's capital and largest city .
polymers are materials that are made from many small molecules .
the name survives as a brand for a related website , digital television channel and radio station which have all survived the demise of the printed magazine .
four-and-a-half years old, he was left on the streets of northern Italy by his parents and spent the next four years living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children.
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town that no longer has a market is still considered a town with market rights .
a bastion is a defensive work on an eastern approaches , later built .
olav haraldsson was a king of norway who was killed in a battle in europe in july 29, 1030 .
some people think that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD because he was criticizing the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union .
this event led to montenegro and serbia gaining their independence .
use html and css only when it is necessary and for the best possible outcome .
schuschnigg responded publicly to reports of riots that they were false .
addiscombe is a suburban area in the London Borough of Croydon in England.
a constituent is someone who lives in the area governed by a politician .
prunk is a professor and senior fellow at the institute of european history in mainz and at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
in 2003, stalone had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger
the crew improvised a scene by shooting it while riding on a trailer on templin highway north of santa clarita
the conference papers were published in a book two years later in 2008 under the title microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano , usually played as a lullaby .
it is possible that these attacks were psychological in origin rather than physical .
an historian said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
furthermore, spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates a rocky surface composition.
she was the authoritative editor for her husband's works at breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is a planetoid that is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley in the baden and zürich regions of switzerland .
these are habitat areas that are best suited for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as the lower house supports them .
this scene in the harry potter series is important because it shows harry's bravery, and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt , germany .
new music manchester is a group that is committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
the samadhi tomb of meher baba is located at the site now, as well as accommodations and facilities for pilgrims .
the collapsed church dome has been restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in the olympic games .
salem is located in essex county in the northeastern part of the united states.
forty-nine different pipefish and nine different seahorses have been recorded in the aquarium .
saint martin is an island in the caribbean , located to the east of puerto rico
therefore , if you want to distribute these pdfs with images , you will need to further manipulate them .
benjamin hickman was arrested in april 1862 on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
on october 5 , heavy rain fell across portions of britain , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
the 2009.1 usb installer provides a usb to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
the free democratic party ( fdp ) , christian democratic people 's party ( cvp ) , social democratic party ( sp ) , and swiss people 's party ( svp ) have 2 members each in the federal assembly .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as a doctor's visit or a lawyer's consultation .
ohio state 's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other news , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free software under the permissive free software licence . However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body of this species of cat is light brown to beige-white with dark brown spots on its limbs
the britannica was a scottish enterprise, with its thistle logo representing Scotland.
the warning issued on september 22 was for an area that extended southwards from jose , before it was canceled soon after landfall .
in 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter is a way to provide information about a film to audiences , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because the underground economies of the third world are not able to provide collateral to lenders to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
the police officers were ordered to surrender by ned and dan .
before the game started , the press agreed that the " cake-in-a-midget " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standards
in a recent video promoting charity Equality Now , actor Joss Whedon confirmed that Fringe is not finished, but is coming back.
a superhero is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
in northern italy , there is civil unrest which spawns a medieval musical form called geisslerlieder .
reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present .
he was sentenced to transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , and he found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " ; this metaphor informs the work on a number of levels .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
dorsal refers to the anatomical structures that are situated on the back of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after he noticed that all proteins looked to have the same empirical formula and might be made up of a single type of large molecule .
the gang lay low for 16 months after the jerilderie raid .
barneville-la-bertran is located in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
colors in the rainbow can be found in this spectrum of colors .
the extension to the museum was added in 1963 , running north from union station and ending at near bloor street
before 1980 , the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
the city of unalakleet is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to the ocean .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for having arrhythmias or sudden cardiac deaths .
the southern part of mesoamerica is a large region that includes a variety of landscapes : from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic book available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register for a pedigree at the college where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but did not gain widespread classroom adoption until later .
he toured with the ipo twice : in the spring of 1990 and again in 1994 .
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of three wars fought by France from 1792 to 1815. General Mack surrendered his Austrian army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it is the largest city in northern nigeria and the largest producer of groundnuts in the country .
most south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages : kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora has won multiple awards and honors since its inception in 2006 .
after a brief standoff , the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman were written for the television series "the show" .
in the 5th century, the slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is in scott county in illinois .
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, and applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show national casting .
it aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be used in less stringent environments than a vacuum chamber .
Gimnasia hired two colombian trainers : francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni . These trainers had limited success .
brighton is located in north central iowa in washington county .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 , glinde, a village in norway, received its town charter .
pauline, who starred in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006, was later described as "mario's friend".
the vagina is a very elastic organ that stretches to many times its original size during childbirth .
it is believed that he was born in the early 1930s .
a quantitative measure that indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
the bernese alps are located in the canton of bern and parts of the bernese oberland region are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud
john kay had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was a favorite artist of his and lamented the fact that not many people knew or remembered about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and each mode is represented by a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination for his performance as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty
