on the one side of the armed conflicts are composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which every able-bodied Muslim is required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is called saturday and it follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on january 888.
they are similar in culture to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : nasa's cassini orbiter and esa's huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942.
Initially it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and then graduated with a bachelor's in anthropology in 1943.
but the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today the nrc is an independent, private foundation.
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea, enclosing the city of stralsund.
he was also named sportsman of the year by sports illustrated in 1982 .
five is a British sport believed to originate from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand, decorations will be in the color yellow .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore also emulated styles from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of the michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship 8:10. saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband came back to france .
despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe.
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on september 4th, 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven spooky tales .
at the voyager 2 images, ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlaydrs, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank worried that drek would destroy the galaxy and asked ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an attempt to stop him .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person .
working group i assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides, which are separated from the mainland in Scotland and from the inner hebrides by the turbulent waters of the minch, the little minch, and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 wind shear started to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques won't enforce violations , both men and women have to adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques that was published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like previous assessment reports , it has four reports - three from its working groups .
their granddaughter helene langvin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a renowned biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign and a vast quantity were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
besides this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions such as the post-rapture films left behind ii : tribulation force and left behind : world at war in which he played cameron " buck " williams .
this area was east of the mouth of the vistula river and later sometimes called "prussia proper".
after he graduated he came back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philharmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and in the gospel of luke .
wellesley was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and wild behavior
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on june 16, 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to the theologian hippolytus , states that early christian agape feasts should be celebrated with the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return rollo swore allegiance to charles and converted to christianity in order to protect the northern region of france from the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a product of the voice of america voa special english.
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden .
it is still the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of many reports on the ethics of scholarship
they are castrated so that the animal may be more obedient or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special " knack " magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are both incredibly rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software showed that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan and used 7mb of memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be completely separate until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because there is glycoprotein rich mucous which helps to move in and out of the snout and it also catches ants and termites which adhere to it
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at star gate loop during earlier trials
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robinson , both former ipswich managers and ex-england , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is a starting point for people who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the wikipedians , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of information on these pages .
george frideric handel also served as composer for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are only rivaled in toughness by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these are the works he created and published himself , while his larger woodcuts were mainly commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and then write history with primary sources and other evidence.
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
illiteracy is the state of being unable to read but being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical.
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed so it can digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust and care about.
today , landis ' father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became sporadic .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they wrote a book about it as an adventure in 1911 , using the pseudonyms elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, and a coffee bar.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly-conquered region
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforward its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then in 1860 with the united kingdom of italy
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection, and dissipated the next day over brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band lineup currently comprises flynn as the vocalist, guitar, duce as the bassist, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation .
the characters are similar to their earlier characters pete and dud in that they are foul-mouthed.
Johan was also the original bassist of hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released an album.
in 1998 culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks a law and unintentionally starts a chain of events that lead to the destruction of his colony 's home and his separation from them
the female equivalent is a daughter
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april of 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm the national park service closed the visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is a type of chess in which each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 and 1980 coup and the gwangju massacre .
severe to extreme damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th.
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65-100.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms also looks like the former district oberbarnim's coat of arms.
Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
their participation is limited until they reach adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the 'city of his destiny' .
in the soviet years the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan 1783-1807.
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
here are some helpful links to get you involved.
he was the prime minister of egypt twice : in 1945 and 1946 and again in 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royale , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said he might not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown around it as goals in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations.
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will need to set a nickname before connecting.
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually bald , with long whiskers , and is said to be an incarnation of the southern star .
some animals have a chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally ( ermine, snowshoe hare) or more rapidly (with chromatophores in their integument, the cephalopod family).
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10. Venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
this does a lot like the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother is an administrative assistant and singer, and his father is a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are also mennonites living in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a town in dublin suburbs with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis armor consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for easy objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died and yvonne loriod took on the final orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
travel through very remote areas often requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle- usually a four wheel drive.
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer passengers than the other two subway lines , and the trains are shorter .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
in December 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel.
there are some articles that are quite long and full of content while others are shorter and possibly stubs.
about 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moviing picture " are often heard words in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of the native society.
he then followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was made in the style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on the 18th of june 2002.
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging on the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yogurt or yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five players are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by the mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
in late 2004, suleman stopped airing howard stern 's radio show on four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened twice as many outlets in canada as mcdonalds did in their "wendys confirms tim hortons IPO by march" article, according to the ottawa business journal, on december 1, 2005.
plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and always keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of 71.25% of the popular vote .
the plant is a fossil .
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang an and in modern-day xian .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts it was nearly impossible to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed an honourary companion in 1988 .
loèche is home to the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder that has a matchcover that encloses a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
she was among the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs in pregnant women.
definitely , she vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
There is a three volume original english manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and the time he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
Samovar and Porter 1994 found that Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during her childhood she had collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and she had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable and conserve hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
inductors with small values can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as blunt-force injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules that apply.
it is a pointed object about the size of a rabbit
computer performance is measured by how much work the computer system can do in comparison to how much time and resources it uses.
some of the largest reservoirs are found along the volga .
the cross represents the monasteries in the region
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that he plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial have not yet been decided .
the representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9th 2000 by bomis inc, a web portal company.
the notable features of the design are key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden chains and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from germany's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, c. 1482
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital .
the polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name of the brand survives as a spin-off of the digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the death of the printed magazine .
at four and a half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and traveling through towns with other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion was later built on the eastern approaches .
on july 29th events took place in europe — the battle of stiklestad happened in norway and olav haraldsson was killed in it .
other people have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd because he criticized the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
use html and css sparingly if needed and only for a good reason .
schuschnigg immediately responded that the riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb in the london borough of croydon in england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew fabricated a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
these attacks might have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's effectiveness gave colonists fresh chances to swarm into the gold coast and other parts of west africa "
furthermore , spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's work for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon ; it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
geography the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these are good habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows how brave harry is, and by retrieving cedric 's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt.
together they formed new music manchester , a band committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , causing a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the site of meher baba 's tomb-shrine and facilities for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
in 2005 , meissner became the second american to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further modification if they contain images .
in april of 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 and caused localized flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' relative strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the fee paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system has 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
other developments included iceland and greenland accepting the rule of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and negotiate a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it continued to be primarily used by students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , it is marked with dark brown spots especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as it had the scottish thistle logo as its symbol .
the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southward as jose intensified , before being cancelled soon after landfall .
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune claimed that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 bombs on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat
the latter showed audiences the sort of information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
that is because assets in the hidden economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan made it to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance hadn't been up to veeck's usual promotional standards.
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels .
her famous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important to her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on the side of an animal and that may grow off of it.
the term "protein" itself was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of molecule .
after the jerilderie raid the gang stayed hidden for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the union station, curving north from the station below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson Desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest subregion in mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog with an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully inspected internally and require official proofs before being changed .
the book, "political economy" was published in 1985, but it wasn't well-known in classrooms until much later.
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union and toured with the ipo again in 1994 performing in china and india .
the napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , gaining napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of peanuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora was successful and received multiple awards and honors.
after a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in illinois, United States.
the name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, and was applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
it aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni, but neither had much success.
brighton is a city in washington county in the united states of america .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by john oates and "just lose it" by eminem.
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 in 2006 although now she is described as "mario's friend."
the vagina stretches many times its normal diameter when giving birth .
it is believed his real date of birth is a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance it takes to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are also located in adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people knew or remembered about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
