sudan's military and the janjaweed militia mainly make up one side of the conflict .
jeddah is the gateway to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which muslims must visit at least once .
scientists believe the great dark spot is a hole in neptune's methane clouds .
his next work , saturday , follows a busy day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
the people are similar to those from papua new guinea .
The winner of the kate greenaway medal also gets the colin mears award with a £5000 value.
the dancers follow the drummers , playing the sogo and doing acrobatic moves .
The spacecraft contains two parts, the cassini orbiter by nasa and the huygens probe from esa.
Sandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942 and was a famous Italian football player.
it was thought the collision filled in smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and earned a ba in anthropology .
the bzö is different from the freedom party, supporting a referendum on the lisbon treaty but not an eu-withdrawal.
many species disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to european settlement.
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .
dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is hard .
today, nrc is a private, independent foundation.
The city of Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982.
fives is a british sport related to racquet sports.
on king bhumibol's birthday , thailand will be decorated with yellow .
both names were merged into the national museum of scotland in 2007.
tagore copied styles from northern new ireland , haida carvings , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
john f. kennedy proposed the peace corps on the steps of michigan union on october 14, 1960.
she performed for president reagan in 1988 on the pbs show "Great Performances at the White House".
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship by pinning eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she and her husband left the us in 1927 and went back to France.
despina was found in july 1989 from voyager 2 images .
The first Italian Grand Prix was held at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
he wrote two books of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object pointing to uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia don't follow WA time.
shells are used to make mosaics and inlays for architecture and furniture.
three cities in palos verdes are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to find captain qwark to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not a louse .
He promotes using a user-centered design process and spreading awareness of interaction design .
other editors and the administrator that blocked you might be part of a conspiracy against someone they never met.
The working group assesses the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and it is separated from Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, Little Minch and the Sea of Hebrides.
orton and his wife had a daughter, alanna marie, on july 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, assigns formal minor planet designations.
wind shear increased on september 30 and the storm weakened .
each entry has a datum which is the same as the data in the backing store.
mosques will not enforce violations, but both men and women must follow the guidelines when attending.
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques from 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988 and is a rugby player for Bristol Rugby in the Premiership.
the assessment report has four sections , three from its working groups .
their grandkids are hélène langevin-joliot and pierre joliot , both scientists .
the stamp stayed the same for the rest of queen victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts organization.
giardia lamblia is a parasite that causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
cameron has done many christian-themed films, such as the post-rapture movies left behind .
the area was east of the vistula river and was called " prussia proper ".
He returned to Yerevan after graduating to teach at the conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of christmas comes from the gospels of matthew and luke .
weelkes got in trouble with chichester cathedral for drinking and bad behavior.
Several famous people have been on the show, such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, and others.
stephen p. synnott found it in voyager 1 pictures taken on march 5, 1979 while around jupiter.
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser hosted the spanish radio show gomaespuma.
the band announced the release date of the resistance on june 16th 2009 .
he is part of another boyband, 183 club .
hippolytus wrote about singing hallel psalms with alleluia in early christian feasts .
rollo agreed to defend northern france and converted to christianity in return .
it comes from the voa special english.
disney was presented with an oscar statuette and seven smaller ones by shirley temple , a 10-year-old actress.
the spacecraft discovered the first asteroid .
hinterrhein is in graubünden , switzerland .
it is now called bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes confusion when a 1 mb is said instead of 1 mib .
numerous reports have been done on the ethical issues in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal calmer or gain weight faster.
seventh sons have special magical powers and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
passmark software found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory usage .
volterra is in tuscany, Italy .
Recently, it was discovered that itch and pain were not independent of each other, and they have some similarities, but also differences.
the tongue is sticky due to mucous with glycoproteins , which helps capture ants and termites.
the same tram had derailed before at starr gate loop .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson stand outside the stadium .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , toys , massages , and a rock band show to the stadium people .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in france .
if there are no land regulations , buildings are built along the bypass and it can become congested.
people use it to explore cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
bruises can hurt but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected to wikipedia is responsible for how you use its information .
george frideric handel was a kapellmeister for george i of great britain.
their eyes are small and they cannot see well.
Chitin is the toughest biological material besides them .
oregano is used in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
he published and produced his own works , while his bigger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
historians use the historical method to use sources and evidence to write history .
the weight of the icecap on lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen levels .
the population in 2000 was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the inability to be interested in reading even though one can read.
mifepristone is a steroid used as a drug .
it will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone close to them .
landis' father now supports him and is one of his biggest fans.
once it reached category 4 , the hurricane's outer convection became disorganized .
The price of the labor is the wage.
They believed the grounds were haunted and wrote a book about it in 1911 under the pen names elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He moved to London and concentrated on teaching.
brunstad has fast food, a cafeteria, coffee bar, and a grocery store.
he left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
in 1438, trevi became part of the church's legation of perugia and later merged with the states of the church and then the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The NYC Housing Authority Police Dept. was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
the band has flynn on vocals and guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar , and dave mcclain on drums .
Countries with few Muslims are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic engagement than those with many Muslims.
pete and dud have become foul-mouthed characters .
johan was the bassist of the swedish band hammerfall , but left before they released an album .
In 1998, Culver won the race for Iowa Secretary of State.
mark messier won the hart trophy in 1990 by two votes .
Shade breaks the law and causes the destruction of his colony, forcing them to migrate and separating him from them.
a daughter is the female equivalent.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with cancer in his abdomen that could not be operated on.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived on the Outer Banks.
the chess that is played is speed chess , with twelve minutes for each player .
the amazon basin is drained by the amazon river .
the two ex-presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in 1979 and 1980.
the damage from the storm reached up the atlantic coast and into west virginia .
The owner is usually unaware, so these computers are called zombies.
the wave crossed the atlantic and formed a tropical depression off haiti's northern coast on september 13 .
The AP Stylebook is updated every year.
the four gospels were written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the 1800s, eschelbronn is famous for its furniture factories.
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of oberbarnim district .
Neptune's cloud are made of frozen methane, unlike earth's clouds which are made of ice.
they cannot fully participate until they are adults .
development releases are rare , but subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use .
the order sent him to florence in 1482 .
the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov's main landmarks during the soviet era.
He passed away on may 29, 1518 in Madrid and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment of 1953.
cogeneration , also known as chp , is the use of a power station to produce both electricity and heat .
sometimes the male den master allows another male into the den , but the reason is unknown .
wikipedia gadgets are snippets of javascript and CSS that can be enabled in your preferences.
here are links to help you get involved .
he was egypt's prime minister from 1945 to 1948.
she was left behind when the nicoleños moved to the mainland .
james i made him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and said he might not accept it .
Esperanto speakers began to appreciate the language and culture even if it is not adopted by international organizations.
dry air destroyed the cyclone's deep convection on september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the US .
eva braun was the wife of adolf hitler from 1912 to 1945.
each license has a unique version number.
users must set a nickname before connecting to an irc server .
he earned a mechanics certificate that year, becoming the youngest airplane mechanic in new york .
wwe's summerslam is happening on august 23, 2009 at staples center in LA .
he is usually depicted as being bald with long whiskers and is said to be a manifestation of the southern polestar.
some animals can change color in different environments, like hares and cephalopods.
val venis won the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match .
multiple programs do one thing well and work together with universal interfaces , like in the unix philosophy .
his parents were both musicians , his mother a singer and his father a band director at yale .
mennonites have communities in 51 countries on six continents .
naas is a large town near dublin , with many people commuting to work in the city .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck and shoulders .
irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the railway being opened .
bills proposed by the law commission start in the house of lords .
vlad stayed in hungary with his wife before his release in 1474 to plan his return to wallachia .
you can add a 5 word passage to the front cover and a 25 word passage to the back cover of the modified version .
he is buried in restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
Bone marrow is found in the hollow parts of bones.
Reflection nebulae appear blue due to the scattering of blue light.
monteux is a commune in vaucluse, France.
macgruber looks for objects to defuse the bomb, but gets distracted by his personal life.
messiaen finished most of the work , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin.
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of thaksin shinawatra's proxies .
to travel in remote areas , you need to plan ahead and have a reliable four wheel drive vehicle .
He was the chief architect of the Fisher Building in 1928 at Kahn.
he excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with dr. schön .
britpop came from the british indie music scene in the 90s and was defined by bands inspired by british pop music from the 60s and 70s .
the battalions were formed for the xi international brigade .
fewer people use the Sheppard line than the other two subway lines and the trains are shorter.
it seats 98,772 people , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the 11th largest in the world.
In 1967, Ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
some articles are long and filled with content while others are short and lower quality.
95 species are accepted .
eugowra is named after an aboriginal word that means " the place where the sand flows down the hill ".
English speakers often use the terms "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, and constitutional law.
he wrote other pieces about hiawatha , like the death of minnehaha and hiawatha's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost 10 years .
vorkapich created gumbasia in the kinesthetic film style.
mk sun admired lawyer brandon waise lee and eventually became a lawyer himself.
cowra is a historic township located in new south wales in australia .
donaldson joined the australian army in 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The slide rule was a popular calculation tool before calculators existed.
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner.
Yoghurt is a fermented dairy product.
75 defense players are in the hall of fame , while only 35 goalies have been inducted .
Various ideas on the subject were rejected by christian groups over the years .
many stores banned the album .
The legs are wide at the top and skinny at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman stopped Howard Stern's radio show on four Citadel stations because of Stern's talks about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher sales by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the rule "never leave your partner behind".
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the vote .
The plant is a living fossil.
she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia in 1990 .
stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
The protests were shut down.
offenbach's operettas were popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with the symbol were discovered near the city of Xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french musician .
the instrument was hard to control .
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about rail transport worldwide.
he was named a companion of honor in 1988.
loèche has the onyx system , a swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a folder that encloses matches and has a surface for striking them on the outside.
She objected to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed not to leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume manga series about his time with twolegs and his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in secluded areas, many immigrants who were peddlers interacted with Americans every day.
he was known for his prints , book covers , posters and furniture .
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst as a child.
Dr. Lindenmeyer argued that the need for nest boxes shows logging practices are not sustainable for species like Leadbeater's Possum.
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team in quebec, Canada.
small inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same process used to make transistors.
gribble was originally the name of the wood-boring species from norway .
wounds caused by a club are known as blunt-force trauma injuries .
after 1596, greenlaw was the county town of the county .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition yet .
the commandant could communicate with all military bases on the harbour from the phone exchange.
those who enter a mosque must still follow rules even without praying .
it is said to have a pointed face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do in a given time .
The volga has large reservoirs .
the crosier is the symbol of the monasteries in the region .
human skin colors range from dark brown to pale pink.
bankers from shorebank helped yunus start his bank with a grant from the ford foundation.
bremer announced plans to try saddam, but did not specify the details.
The hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the season.
tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan, iran, pakistan and china.
bomis inc created nupedia on march 9, 2000 .
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born in jwaneng, Botswana and is now a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
other towns close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
gell-mann and zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 and is decorated with golden garlands.
west berlin had its own postal system , separate from west germany , and used its own stamps until 1990.
sandro botticelli painted the primavera in 1482 .
sydney is the capital and largest city of new south wales .
the polymer is usually epoxy, but other types, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, can also be used.
the brand of the printed magazine is still alive with a digital tv channel, radio station, and website.
He was alone on the streets of northern italy for four years , living in orphanages and with other homeless children.
stands were added to the goals in the 80s and 90s as the ground was modernized.
a town can be called a market town even if it doesn't have a market anymore, as long as it has the right to do so.
They built a bastion in the east .
olav haraldsson lost in the battle of stiklestad in norway and was killed .
others think the nkvd killed tresca for criticizing stalin's soviet union .
montenegro and serbia became independent countries as a result .
use html and css with caution .
schuschnigg denied the reports of riots .
addiscombe is a suburb of croydon in England .
a constituent is a citizen who lives in the area served by a politician .
prunk is part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
stallone appeared in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway near santa clarita.
phelps et al published the conference papers in a book the following year .
The Wario Land series is a platform game that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
chopin composed the berceuse opus 57 for solo piano .
the attacks may have been psychological rather than physical .
a historian said quinine allowed colonists to move to west africa .
spectroscopic studies show hydrated minerals and silicates , suggesting a stony surface .
she edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon with its craters and flat areas , no moons and no atmosphere .
The town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zurich.
these areas are great for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors until the mughals arrived in 1608.
the prime minister stays in office if they have the support of the lower house .
rowling considers this scene important because it reveals harry's bravery and compassion as he recovers cedric's body.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
they formed new music manchester , a group for modern music .
the hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is now at the site with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The church dome was restored completely.
meissner landed the triple axel jump in 2005
salem is in massachusetts, usa.
49 types of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is a tropical island in the caribbean near puerto rico .
pdfs with images cannot be distributed without manipulation.
ben was arrested in april 1862 for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, leading to flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to make a live usb and save the user's data .
the parties got seats based on their strength in the federal assembly , 2 for fdp , 2 for cvp , 2 for sp , and 1 for svp .
a fee is a payment for services rendered .
ohio state has 21 libraries located on its campus in columbus.
iceland and greenland accepted norway's rule, but scotland fought off the norse and made a good peace deal.
the album had singles like " by the way ", "the zephyr song", "ca n't stop", "dosed" and "universally speaking".
minix was made free and open source in april 2000 , but other systems had already surpassed it .
the body can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white and may have dark brown spots on the limbs.
the britannica was a scottish business , as shown by its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards and then canceled after jose's landfall on september 23.
us marines used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi troops in 2003 .
Intertitles provided audiences with information, helping historians imagine the film.
these assets cannot be used as collateral to get capital for growth in third world countries .
He tried to escape from sydney cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
The press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance wasn't good for veeck before the second game started.
joss whedon confirmed that "fray is coming back" in a video for charity equality now.
mutants are characters in marvel comic books .
the sat test is used for college admissions in the US.
civil unrest in northern italy created geisslerlieder , a musical form of penitential songs .
reports suggest that different factors can lead to paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
charles was looking for love when he met sebastian and found an enchanted garden .
her friendship with grigori rasputin was important to her .
the term "dorsal" refers to parts on the back of animals.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after mulder noticed that proteins had the same formula .
The gang hid for 16 months after the Jerilderie Raid to avoid getting caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is located in Calvados, France.
the colors range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963, the extension curved north from union station and ended near bloor street.
The Central Australian line passed by the Simpson Desert before 1980.
the old portage trail leads west to unalakleet .
cardiomyopathy can cause arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica was the biggest sub-region and had a variety of terrains including the sierra madre mountains and northern yucatán's semi-arid plains.
google released the comic early on google books and their site and wrote about it on their blog .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college and must provide official proofs before being changed .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but didn't receive much use in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in Moscow, Leningrad, China and India.
austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the austrian army.
kano is a major economic center in northern nigeria and a hub for groundnut exports.
most south indians speak a dravidian language .
meteora won awards and honors for the band .
the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho after a brief stand-off .
richard and robert sherman wrote most of the songs .
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus.
winchester is in illinois, USA.
The name arzashkun is an assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which is related to the ancient names arsene and arsissa.
she was chosen from 16,421 participants to be on the tv show.
abc aired the show from 1993 to 2005 .
the device can then be designed for use in less strict environments .
gimnasia hired the famous colombian coach francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in iowa, USA.
she was in john oates' "it girl" and eminem's "just lose it" music videos.
glinde received its town charter on june 24, 1979.
pauline returned in the 1994 game boy remake of donkey kong , and in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , being described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina can stretch up to many times its normal size during childbirth.
his real birthday is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
This measure tells how much of a substance is needed to stop a biological process by half.
portions of the bernese alps are located in other cantons besides bern .
He had one daughter with ann e power, who was later named mary ann fisher power.
edward gorey praised artist bawden in an interview , saying few people knew of them.
the string vibrates differently, like a guitar string, and each mode appears as a different particle.
gable earned an oscar nomination for his role as fletcher christian in mutiny on the bounty .
