one side of the armed conflicts in the region is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which is required of able-bodied muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , is based on an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later, on january 13, 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942 in italy .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party ; while the bzö supports a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty , they are against an EU withdrawal .
many endangered species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is situated on the coast of the baltic sea , enclosing the city of stralsund .
he also received the 1982 " sportsman of the year " award from sports illustrated .
fives is a sport believed to have originated in britain and to have similar origins to many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol 's birthday throughout thailand , yellow decorations will be present .
both names, serpent and dracula, became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
notwithstanding this , tagore borrowed styles from various parts of north america , as well as from haida carvings from the west coast of canada , British Columbia , and woodcuts by Max Pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 during the great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn won the wwf european championship  by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna 8:10 .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july of 1989 by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also published two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank fears that drek , the evil alien who destroyed the galaxy once before , will destroy the galaxy again , so he asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , the famous superhero who can stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also popularizes interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i is a scientific group which assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry in the database has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques do not enforce violations of these guidelines , but both men and women must adhere to them when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , first published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 in bristol , england and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria' s reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has also often worked in christian-themed productions , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this is the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper "
after he graduated from college, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott on images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club
the apostolic tradition , attributed to theologian hippolytus , states that early christian agape feasts would often feature the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for this , rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups
it is a special English version of voice of america
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature versions of it , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district located in the canton of graubünden in Switzerland .
it continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of a number of reports on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or put on more weight more quickly .
Seventh sons have strong " knacks " specific magical abilities that are quite rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found the 2009 version to have a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain were not considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the mucous that is present and it helps to catch ants and termites which adhere to it .
the tram derailed on the same day at starr gate loop in 2006 .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance
volunteers provided food , water , toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a great starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these pages .
george frideric handel was also the composer's Kapellmeister for George , Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain .
their eyes are small and their vision is poor .
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on the oyster card.
these works he produced and published himself , whilst most of his woodcuts were commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the ability to read but not be interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer wind of the hurricane became disorganized .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that is paid .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont in 1911 .
he settled in london and began devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then with the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of wind , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a police department in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn (vocals), guitar, bass, phil demmel (guitar), and dave mcclain (drums).
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic engagement .
the characters were created as foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state in iowa and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy by a margin of two votes over ray bourque .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks the law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage was reported along the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the atlantic ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13th .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john . They were probably written between 65 and 100 a.d.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals unlike the clouds on Earth which are composed of crystals of ice.
their participation is only until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development releases are rare but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to be used .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the 'city of his destiny' .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt twice : first from 1945 to 1946 and then again from 1946 to 1948 .
She was left behind without explanations for this varying from case to case when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death in 1637 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not attend the ceremony .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
calvin baker is an american author .
Eva Anna Paula Braun , died Eva Anna Paula Hitler  on February 6th, 1912- April 30th, 1945 was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account , but a user will need to set a nickname before connecting to the server .
that same year he also received his mechanic's certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as a bald man with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , which means they change color in different environments , either seasonally (e.g. ermine), or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument (the cephalopod family, such as octopuses).
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this approach closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are also mennonites in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with a large population living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into his skin , with spikes protruding from his neck and shoulder area , along his spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
conversely , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital , Budapest.
You are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france . It is located in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially completed by the time messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the orchestration of 's final movement with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities , after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
The Pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the Pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however traveling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves for rehearsal .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run on it .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people making it the eleventh largest stadium in the world and the largest in europe .
in december of 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are longer and more detailed than others .
There are about 95 known species of snakes.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often-heard terms in English .
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju with a population of over one million people .
Despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in vorkapich 's style , called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located in cowra , in the central west of new south wales , australia
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on the 18th of June 2002
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging in the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used tool for calculations in science and engineering .
The kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted into the hall of fame .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions surrounding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio
the company opened twice as many stores in canada as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1, 2005 . System-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany , georgia and is known for his rule " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil because it is still found in some parts of the world .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests against the government were suppressed across the nation.
offenbach 's numerous operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13 , 1921 and died on november 11 , 1968 .
by most accounts it was nearly impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest extant church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a matchcover enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never leave the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy includes a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
Many Syrian immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum.
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as injuries caused by a blunt object .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet managed to perform a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations in the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as having a pointed nose and being about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system can accomplish in comparison to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga river .
the crosier is a symbol for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are the three countries that border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19th February, 1987 in jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964.
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , circa 1482 .
new south wales is the largest city and capital of sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine has survived as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years and lived in various orphanages and roved through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the playing surface began to be modernised .
a town can be correctly described as either a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
other researchers have suggested that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union .
this resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use markup sparingly and only when it is necessary .
schuschnigg immediately responded with a public statement that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is an suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen who resides in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; this can only be applied to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of filming the scene while riding on the " hovercraft ", the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano entitled berceuse .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that the reason why colonists were able to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa was due to quinine 's efficacy .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface , which suggests that the surface is composed of rocks .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
The town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery in retrieving cedric 's corpse .
on june 1st , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , flooding homes and causing a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored in its entirety .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in essex county, massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine different pipefish and nine different seahorse species have been documented.
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers east of puerto rico .
therefore , if these pdfs contain images , they must be re-worked before they can be distributed .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 4 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 3 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state 's library system has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus.
in other developments , scotland accepted the overlordship of norway but iceland and greenland were able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement with norway .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking "
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but it was no longer a popular operating system by that time and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body of the snake can be light brown to gold-ish or beige-white but is commonly marked with dark brown spots especially on the limbs .
the britannica was founded primarily by scottish people , as symbolized by its thistle logo .
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune accused the u.s. marine corps of using mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the type of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in third world underground economies cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being fatally shot in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second match got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back.
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the united states .
Civil unrest in northern italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
various factors can increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was a seven year transportation to australia .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her friendship with the Russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated towards or grow off the side of an animal.
the term "protein" was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went into hiding for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the subway system , running north from union station and curving below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street before turning west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website and mentioned it on their official blog .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they must undergo careful internal auditing and must provide official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but it was not widely adopted in classrooms until later on .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994 , performing in moscow and leningrad in 1990 and china and india in 1994 .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , capturing over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south indians speak either of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu or tulu .
meteora has earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century , the slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city located in scott county in illinois, United States .
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can then be used in less stringent environments than the former .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
Brighton is a city in Washington County , Iowa , United States .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village glinde , glinde received its town charter .
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is remarkably elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth is unknown , but it is believed to be sometime between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that the Bernese Alps are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , a portion of the bernese alps is actually located in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power . Her mother was ann e  power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
