The side of the armed conflicts that is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed is known as one side.
Mecca is Islam's holiest city, and muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
his next work is Saturday. It follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 8, 888.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally akin to the people in this study.
since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers. They often play the sogo and tend to have more elaborate—even acrobatic—choreography.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. When he graduated, he had a bachelor's degree in anthropology.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as Europeans settled in the area.
in 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
Today the NRC is an independent, private foundation.
it is situated on the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a sport that originates in the United Kingdom. It is believed to be derived from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, on King Bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand, everything will be decorated in yellow.
both the names (which became defunct in 2007) were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988, during the White House Series.
Perry Saturn and Terri Teri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was found in late July, 1989, from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories: the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
At the Voyager 2 images of Ophelia, she appears as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
Ornamental pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates, and rolling hills.
Clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It's not actually a true louse.
He advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
The working group "Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change"
The island chain, which forms part of the hebrides, is separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
On July 12, 2008, orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
By early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, although many mosques won't enforce violations, both men and women attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It consists of four reports: three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World At War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This is the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After he graduated from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospel of Matthew and the gospel of Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior later on.
so far, the ' Celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of 183 club, a jungiery boyband.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape Feasts.
In return for his fealty, Rollo swore allegiance to Charles and converted to Christianity. He then undertook to protect the northern region of France from the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is derived from the voice of America, VoA.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones. Shirley Temple presented it to him.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion because 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been made about the incident in terms of ethics in scholarship.
castrated animals are usually more docile or put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software showed that the 2009 version took 52 seconds to install and had a scan time of 32 seconds and a memory utilization of 7 megabytes.
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain haven't been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. This converts it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
it is also a good starting point for people who want to explore Cape York Peninsula, Cooktown, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not usually dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on the oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is a way of researching and writing history that uses primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
After eating, it will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, landis' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
They convinced themselves that the grounds were haunted, so they published their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia. Then, its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then with the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th. It had no convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil. It caused heavy rains and flooding.
The new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than are muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east.
The characters are similar to their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
In 1990, mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent of a daughter is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes.
The Amazon basin is the part of south America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
The damage caused by Hurricane Sandy was moderate to severe up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
because the owner is usually unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, the gospel of Mark, the gospel of Luke, and the gospel of John. They may have been written between AD 65-100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane. Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks- St. Alexius Cathedral, built in 1908, and St. George Cathedral, built in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain, and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, a male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den. The reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
he served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1948.
She was left behind to explain this varies, but when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, she was left behind.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he might not accept it.
After esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, they started to see esperanto as a potential language for the united nations or other international organizations.
As the cyclone drifted south, the dry air around it eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, died Eva Anna Paula Hitler on February 6, 1912 – April 30, 1945, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
a few animals have chromatic response, which means they change color in changing environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument, in the cephalopod family.
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10. venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera.
This closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills that start in the house of lords are conversely bills proposed by the law commission.
In the years before his final release, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france. It is in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he gets distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This work was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat. They were accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle. Usually, this means a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were formed for Xi International Brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and shorter trains are run.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
There are about 95 species that are currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word for "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
terms like "underwear" and "movie" are often heard terms in English.
Jurisdiction, which derives its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government, allocates resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this with several other pieces about: hiawatha 's death, the overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Vorkapich taught gumbasia in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position. Goaltenders have been inducted only 35 times.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top. They get narrower at the ankle.
In late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four citadel stations. It was because of Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did when it announced its IPO in 2005, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, and he firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008, with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
The protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
Accounts of the instrument say it was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
The characteristics of radar observations indicate that the composition of the metal is fairly pure.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbors the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that encloses a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume original English-language manga series following graystripe, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in Dawn and he returned to ThunderClan in the Sight.
samovar & Porter, 1994, p. 84: Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and she had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer, an Australian national university professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits.
The gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries inflicted by a club are generally known as wounds.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor from the telephone exchange.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system in comparison to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
human skin tones can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank. The grant from the Ford Foundation was involved.
bremer said he was going to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, and Pakistan to the south. China is to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve, born 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil are two other nearby settlements.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, called the Primavera, is by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, in the year 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name of the magazine has survived as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
Four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roved through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29, and was killed in the fight.
others have theorized that the nkvd eliminated tresca as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly if it is needed, and only if it is necessary.
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book called "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory" by Phelps et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
Attacks that may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
A historian has said that "it was quinine's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa."
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a surface composition that is rather stony.
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideally good for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister only stays in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery, and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi tomb-shrine. It also has facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine different species of pipefish and nine different species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean. It's approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery alongside Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell on parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. This allows the user's configuration and personal data to be saved if desired.
In relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party: 2 members, christian democratic people's party: 2 members, social democratic party: 2 members, and swiss people's party: 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, like a doctor's honorarium.
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the tiger ranges from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise. It has a thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The later provided audiences with information about the film, which can help historians imagine what it may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fringe is not done, Fringe is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Various reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present.
He was transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also important in her life.
The dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated towards or grow off that side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months avoiding capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france.
color can range from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
google later made the comic available on google books and their site. They also mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985, but it had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 and 1994, performing in Moscow and Leningrad, and in China and India
The Napoleonic wars were a series of wars fought by Napoleon Bonaparte of France against Austria. In 1809, General Mack surrendered his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm. Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicted 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time, and it's also known for its production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages.
meteora received multiple awards and honors from the band.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
By the 5th century, Slavs had started to move into the area.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois, in the United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka. It's formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
out of 16,421 people who participated in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
It aired its episodes on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Sweden, Glinde received its town charter.
In 1994, pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong, and later in 2006, mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis. However, the character is now described as "mario's friend."
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be around 1935 to 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the canton of Bern, but portions of them are located in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There, he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. Lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist, Gorey mentioned that he had been to Bawden's studio.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon.
gable also earned an academy award nomination for playing fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
