The Sudanese Military and the Janjaweed, a militia group from the Abbala tribes, mainly make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lives if they are able.
The great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows a neurosurgeon's busy day.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. He then crawled away quickly to the east and pulled on the cord with all his might.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people of Timor are similar to the people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal also receives the Colin Mears Award, worth £5,000.
After the drummers, dancers follow, usually playing the sogo drum with minimal sound, and performing intricate and sometimes acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft is composed of two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter, named after the astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens Probe, named after the Dutch scientist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942 and is a former football player from Italy.
It was thought that the collision caused debris to fill in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in Anthropology.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party by supporting a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposing an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure state, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
It is very hard to get into Tsinghua.
NRC is now an independent private foundation.
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast and borders the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to be related to many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so Thailand is decorated with yellow on his birthday.
Both names were merged into the National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore imitated different styles, such as artwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of the Michigan Union.
In 1988, she performed for President Reagan in the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship, with Saturn pinning Guerrero after an elbow drop.
She stayed in the US until 1927, then she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from Voyager 2 probe images.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship was held on September 4, 1921 in Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories, "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
In Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears to be elongated, with its major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the southeast corner of Western Australia do not follow the official Western Australian time, extending almost as far as Caiguna.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration, which is used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The cities incorporated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop him.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes a user-centered design process in product development and works to make interaction design a well-known field.
It is possible that the editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away who they have never met.
Working group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides islands are separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, Little Minch, and the Sea of Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center of the International Astronomical Union oversees formal minor planet designations with a number-name combination.
Wind shear began to increase on September 30, and the storm began to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the data stored elsewhere.
Therefore, when going to a mosque, both men and women must follow the rules, even though some mosques may not enforce them.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on July 10, 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like before, it contains four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Queen Victoria's reign and many were produced.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis or giardia duodenalis, is a type of protozoan which lives and reproduces in the small intestine and can cause giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed projects, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, which was sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at a conservatory and then he was chosen to be the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Bible, in Matthew and Luke.
Later, Weelkes got into trouble with Chichester Cathedral authorities for drinking too much and his wild behavior.
So far, celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have appeared in episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in Voyager 1's images while orbiting Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the band announced the release date of the Resistance on their website.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 Club.
Hippolytus' apostolic tradition says that Hallel Psalms were sung in early Christian feasts with "Alleluia" as the refrain.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend Northern France against Viking attacks.
It comes from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
It extends to Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes confusion for consumers when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referred to as 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been made about the incident and ethics in scholarship.
They castrate the animal to make it more docile or to help it gain weight faster.
Seventh sons are gifted with a special knack, and seventh sons of seventh sons are incredibly rare and incredibly powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking shows that the 2009 version has an install time of 52 seconds, a scan time of 32 seconds, and a memory utilization of 7mb.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it was discovered that itch and pain have similarities but also differences, whereas previously they were considered to be the same.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, allowing it to both move in and out of the snout easily and to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during past tests on May 30, 2006.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers, Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, are located outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance to the people at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in northwestern France.
Without land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, making it a regular town road, and the bypass can become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid.
Cairns is a perfect starting point for visitors looking to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful, but usually aren't dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be held responsible for how you use the information on its pages.
George Frideric Handel was the Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is not very sharp.
Chitin is the only material that rivals them in terms of toughness.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He published and created his own works and was usually hired to make much larger woodcuts.
The historical method is a set of techniques and guidelines which historians use to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The heavy icecap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to cause the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is not being interested in reading despite being able to.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis's father is a huge fan of Floyd and supports him wholeheartedly.
After the hurricane reached category 4 status, its outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a 1911 book called "An Adventure" under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Legation of Perugia, and was under the temporal rule of the Church. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th without any convection, and then caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
Pete and Dud have become foul-mouthed versions of their earlier characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but he quit before the band released an album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque for the Hart Trophy by two votes, with one first-place vote making the difference.
Shade's reckless breaking of the law sets a chain of events in motion that destroys his colony's home and forces them to migrate early, separating him from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm arrived, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks.
The chess played is speed chess, in which each player has 12 minutes to complete the game.
The Amazon Basin is the region of South America that is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later accused of mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju Massacre.
The damage was moderate to severe and extended up the Atlantic coast and inland to West Virginia.
The owner is generally unaware of these computers, so they are sometimes called "zombies".
The wave crossed the Atlantic and turned into a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press updates its stylebook every year.
The four Gospels written between AD 65 and 100 are Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, plus the Gospel According to the Hebrews.
Eselbronn has been known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 1800s.
the upper half looks like the coat of arms of Oberbarnim district.
Unlike Earth's clouds, made of ice crystals, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals.
Until they reach legal adulthood, their participation is limited.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often stable subversion snapshots available to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his destined city.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks during the Soviet years, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
In 1953, Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), uses a heat engine or power station to produce both electricity and useful heat.
The male " den master " sometimes allows a second male in the den, but why is unknown.
A Wikipedia Gadget is a type of code snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in the Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved.
He was Egypt's Prime Minister from 1945 to 1948.
She was the only one left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland and the reason for this is unknown.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he served as an organist there from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and he thought about not accepting it.
Later, Esperanto speakers started to appreciate the language and culture surrounding it, even if it is never accepted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air surrounded the cyclone, eroding most of the deep convection by September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun, also known as Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on April 30, 1945. She was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and briefly his wife.
Each license is given a unique version number.
Users do not need to register an account on most IRC servers, but they must choose a nickname before connecting.
In the same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York after receiving his mechanics certificate.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling event produced by WWE on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
He is usually depicted as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color based on their environment, such as the ermine and snowshoe hare seasonally, or the cephalopod family which can change color rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
Val Venis won against Rikishi in a steel cage match, and kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together with universal interfaces.
His parents were musical; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The biggest Mennonite communities are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. Mennonites also live in 51 countries across 6 continents.
Naas is a large suburb of Dublin and many people living in Naas commute to Dublin for work.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin, covered in spikes near its neck, shoulders, and spine.
On Christmas Eve in 1890, the town of Irmo was chartered in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords, but the opposite is true for other bills.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad stayed in a house in the Hungarian capital with his wife while making plans to retake Wallachia.
You can add a 5 word passage to the front cover, and a 25 word passage to the back cover, of the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a soft tissue found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae appear blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light, which is the same process that causes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb by asking for simple objects, but he is distracted by something related to his personal life and runs out of time.
Messiaen had finished composing the piece when he passed away, so Yvonne Loriod finished the final movement with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their most sacred cities, alongside Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat since they were seen as Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through secluded areas requires pre-planning and a dependable four-wheel drive vehicle.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He apologizes for having to leave for rehearsal and exits with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged in the early 1990s and was influenced by the British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
These soldiers were absorbed into battalions meant for the XI International Brigade.
Fewer people use the Sheppard Line than the other two subway lines and shorter trains run on it.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and 11th largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are commonly heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the government's power to use resources to best serve its citizens.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including "The Death of Minnehaha," "Overture to the Song of Hiawatha," and "Hiawatha's Departure."
The capital of the state is Aracaju, with a population of around pop.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years, despite this.
Gumbasia was made using kinesthetic film principles, which was taught by Vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee was his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were searching the Peel River and the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators were invented, the slide rule was the most popular tool for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and is thinner than its predecessor at 0.36 inches (9.1 millimeters).
Yoghurt is a product made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
75 defensemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders.
Throughout the centuries, there have been alternative views on the subject, but all have been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was not allowed to be sold in many record stores across the country.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's discussion about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's confirmed that they will have an IPO by March 2005 and by 2002 their system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
This plant is known as a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were not tolerated across the nation.
Offenbach composed many popular operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, which were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found west of Xian, which was the ancient city of Chang'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue between 1921 and 1968.
Most people said the instrument was very hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church still standing in Assisi.
Characteristics radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries globally.
In 1988, he was given the title of Companion of Honour.
Loèche houses Onyx, Switzerland's electronic intelligence interception system.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough surface on the outside for striking.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women, being one of the first doctors to do so.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series that follows Graystripe's journey from when he is taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returns to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in separate urban areas; many of the immigrants who were peddlers had daily interactions with Americans.
He was well known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University argues that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving species dependent on hollows, like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term "gribble" was first used to describe the wood-boring species from Norway called Limnoria lignorum by Rathke in 1799.
Wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county was administered at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has successfully performed a quadruple axel in a competition.
The telephone exchange allowed the port jackson district commandant to communicate with all military bases on the harbour.
Even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It has a pointed face and is the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work it can do compared to the time and resources needed.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the area.
Human skin colors range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank in Chicago helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details had not been decided.
At the end of the regular season, the professional hockey writers' association representatives vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
Key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule are notable features of the design.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other towns close by are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig independently proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 with golden garlands when the column was moved to its current spot.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own stamps until 1990, which was separate from West Germany's.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The most common polymer used is epoxy, but other types such as polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon can also be used.
The name still exists as a brand for a digital television channel, radio station, and website, even though the magazine has ended.
At 4.5 years old, he was left alone in Northern Italy for 4 years, living in orphanages and roaming towns with other homeless children.
In the 1980s and 1990s, stands were added behind each goal as the ground was modernized.
A town may still be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern side.
On July 29th, Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway while fighting his pagan vassals.
Some people have suggested that Tresca was killed by the NKVD in revenge for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union government.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to both become independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
Schuschnigg denied the reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb located in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
A constituent can also refer to the citizens living in an area governed, represented, or served by a politician, which may only apply to citizens who vote for them.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to a "hovercraft" and filmed while going up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The next year, Phelps et al published a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory, which included the papers from the conference.
The Wario Land series is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series and started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a Berceuse for piano.
These attacks may have been caused by psychological issues, not physical ones.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to travel to the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Furthermore, studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates which suggest that the surface is made of stone.
She was the authoritative editor for her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon with craters and smooth plains, but it has no moons or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors descended from the Delhi Sultanate until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only if the lower house supports them.
This scene is important to Rowling as it shows Harry's bravery, as well as his selflessness and compassion in retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they made New Music Manchester, a group devoted to modern music.
The strong hurricane caused major damage in the Florida Keys due to a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
The site is now home to Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb-Shrine and offers facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the Caribbean, located east of Puerto Rico and about 186 miles away.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be shared if they contain images without further manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for robbing with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, which led to flooding in some areas.
Version 2009.1 offers a USB Installer so that a Live USB can be created. The user's configuration and data can be stored if they choose.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with 2 FDP, 2 CVP, 2 SP, and 1 SVP.
A fee is money you pay for services, like a doctor or lawyer.
Ohio State has 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland both accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland fought off a Norwegian invasion and made a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album are "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software, but other operating systems had already passed it in capabilities. It stayed mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color is usually medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white; dark brown spots may appear on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish business, symbolized by the thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
On September 22, the warning area was extended southward as Jose intensified, and was canceled soon after it made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marines and their commanders had used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the start of combat.
Later, audiences were given information similar to that of intertitles which helps historians understand how the movie may have been viewed.
This is because assets from third world underground economies can not be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender.
The press did not think the "midget-in-a-cake" promotion before the second game was up to Bill Veeck's standards.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video promoting the charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
Mutants are characters in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test, formerly the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test, is a test for college admissions in the US.
Civil unrest in northern Italy caused the creation of geisslerlieder, a type of medieval musical form sung by flagellants.
Reports state that there are various factors that increase the chances of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Waugh states that Charles was searching for love when he encountered Sebastian and found a low door in the wall that opened to a secluded and magical garden, which is a symbol that represents numerous themes throughout the novel.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
Dorsal refers to anatomy located on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of one large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang tried to stay hidden for 16 months to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in northwestern France.
The color can be orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added in 1963, curving north from Union Station, and ending near Bloor Street at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line used to go along the west side of the Simpson Desert.
it is on an old portage path that goes west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk for arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
It is the biggest sub-region in Mesoamerica and covers mountains in the Sierra Madre, to semi-arid plains in northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on their books and site, and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It is internally audited and needs official proof before it can be changed.
The book political economy was published in 1985 but not widely used in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 in the Soviet Union, and again in 1994 in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm during the Napoleonic Wars, giving Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
For a long time, northern Nigeria has been economically centered around the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won the band many awards and honors.
After a short stand-off, the WWF Cavalry charged Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers, Richard and Robert.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the region.
From 1900 to 1920, many buildings were built on campus, such as facilities for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, a hospital and library, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois in the United States.
The name Arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from the proper name Arzash. This name is similar to the name Arsene, Arsissa, which the ancients used to describe part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes aired on the ABC Network from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and later Julio César Falcioni, but neither achieved much success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, USA.
She also appeared in "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem music videos.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde was granted its town charter to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the 1994 remake of Donkey Kong, and again in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as Mario's friend.
The vagina is very stretchy and expands greatly during childbirth.
His birthdate is unknown, but it is estimated to be between 1935 and 1939.
the quantitative measure shows how much of the inhibitor is needed to decrease a biological process, such as an enzyme, cell, receptor, or microorganism, by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region, but they also stretch into the Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had a daughter with Ann E. Power, who was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was his favorite artist and was sad that not many people knew of him.
the string vibrates like a guitar string and produces particles like electrons, photons, and gluons.
In 1935, Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
