one side of the armed conflicts are composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Muslim men are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot on Neptune is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck.
his next work, Saturday, will follow an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on January 888.
they are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The kate greenaway medal has been given to the recipient since 2000. The colin mears award is worth £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and have more elaborate—even acrobatic—choreography.
the spacecraft has two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer and mathematician Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
it was thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a Bachelor of Anthropology in 1943.
However, the BZö differs a bit from the Freedom Party, which is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species of animals had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to tsinghua is very competitive.
NRC is an independent, private foundation today.
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
he was named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
fives is a British sport believed to originate from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example, on King Bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand, decorations will be in yellow color.
both the names disappeared in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Nonetheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from Northern Ireland, carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
she performed for president reagan in 1988 at the White House series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the US until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories: Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
The image of Ophelia appears as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western Australia do not follow official western Australian time.
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.
it is not a true louse.
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process throughout product development cycles, and also works to make interaction design widely recognized as a mainstream discipline.
it is possible that the other editors who reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
working group i assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, which are separated from the Scottish mainland and the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife, Orton, welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
Wind shear began to increase rapidly by September 30 and a weakening trend began.
every entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, many mosques do not enforce violations, but both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
mariel of redwall is a children's fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
it is composed of four reports: three from its working groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
the international fight league was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia Lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis. It is also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis.
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
East of the mouth of the Vistula River was "Prussia Proper".
after graduating from college, he returned to Armenia to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed Artistic Director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew and Gospel of Luke.
Wellesley was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on June 16, 2009, the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another boyband, 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, which is attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallelujah psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is an abbreviation of the phrase "voice of America" which is also known as "voa special english."
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
The hinterrhein district is in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
it is still the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this causes consumer confusion when the number 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1mb instead of 1mb.
the incident has been the subject of many reports about ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated to make the animal more docile or to put on weight more quickly.
seventh sons are usually born with special abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are extremely rare and powerful.
benchmarking by Passmark Software found that the 2009 version of the software took 52 seconds to install and had a scan time of 32 seconds and a memory utilization of 7 megabytes.
volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
historically, itch and pain have not been considered to be independent. It was only recently where it was found that itch shares several features with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
a tram had derailed on May 30, 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is taken.
volunteers provided support at the stadium, including food, blankets, water, toys for children, massages, and a live rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, which turns it into an ordinary town road. Eventually, the bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown is also a starting point for people who want to explore other areas in Tasmania, such as Cape York Peninsula and the AtholTableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they are not necessarily dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these pages.
George Frideric Handel was also the kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
he produced and published his own works, while most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned work.
the historical method is comprised of the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and then write history.
the weight of the continent sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used to treat medical conditions.
it will detach itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis's father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
a short time after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage paid for that labor.
They believed the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morrison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several restaurants, including a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered area.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia. Henceforth, its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then with the united kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th without convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current band lineup is flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than countries with a majority muslim population from the greater middle east.
the characters are similar foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
johan was the original bassist for hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
in 1998, Culver ran for secretary of state in Iowa and was victorious.
in 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies the law. This causes a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
before the arrival of the storm, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is a form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes.
the Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
severe damage extended along the Atlantic Coast and into West Virginia.
because the owner is usually unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
for example, the stylebook for the Associated Press is updated annually.
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john. These texts likely existed between AD 65 and 100, and are also known as the gospel according to the hebrews.
eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry which began in the end of the 19th century.
the upper half also has a similar coat of arms to that of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane. Unlike clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
their participation is restricted until they reach the legal age of adulthood.
stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
During the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain, and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment demonstrated this. Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey did it in 1953.
cogeneration is the simultaneous use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
occasionally, a male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
below are some links that will help you get involved.
he was the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again in 1946 and 1948.
When the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, she was left behind. Explanations for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture around it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, born Eva Anna Paula Braun on 6 February 1912, died on 30 April 1945, was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and wife for a brief time.
each license has a different version number.
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user must set a nickname before being connected.
that year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York City.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually depicted as being bald, with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
some animals have a chromatic response- they change color in different environments- either seasonally like ermine, or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument, like the cephalopod family.
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match. The match ended with venis pinning rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera.
the Unix philosophy is similar to this in that programs are designed to do one task well and work together over a universal interface.
He is from a musical family: his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
mennonites have the largest populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States, but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major Dublin suburb. Many people live there and work in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour was composed of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The ship was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
bills that start in the House of Lords are conversely bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills.
In the years before his final release in 1474, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is a flexible tissue found inside bones.
reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France. It is located in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
macgruber tries to ask for simple objects to disarm the bomb, but is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life. He runs out of time.
This work was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat. They were accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
travelling through difficult areas, such as very remote areas or on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, such as a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s. It was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
these battalions were absorbed into the xi international brigade.
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
the stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are long and rich in content, while others are shorter and may be stubs.
There are about 95 species that are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
terms such as " underwear " and " movie " are often heard in English.
jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha: the death of Minnehaha, the Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's departure.
the capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich using kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became Harris' idol and Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18th, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
before the invention of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five players are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views about the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
in 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio made suleman angry.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. And system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and other plot captains are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They keep the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind."
he was elected president in 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female performer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests were suppressed nationwide.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La Belle Hélène, were very popular in France and in the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and in modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
santa maria maggiore is the oldest extant church in assisi.
the observations made with radar show that the metal is mostly composed of iron and nickel.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche keeps the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
a matchbook contains matches and is a small folder with a cover that encloses matches and has a rougher striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs in pregnant women.
she swore she would never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series based on graystripe's trilogy. It follows him between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also well-known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during her childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and a tonsillar cyst.
Australian National University's Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits. The same processes that are used to make transistors are used to build them.
gribble is the term used to describe the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries.
Afterward, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition.
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work is accomplished in comparison to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga River.
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region.
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported that he planned to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers' association selects the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Afghanistan border each other to the north, west, south, and east, respectively.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
the notable features of the design are a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands, which was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting, called the Primavera, is by the Italian painter Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
Polymers can be epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name of the magazine has survived as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for four-and-a-half years at the age of four-and-a-half, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Goalposts were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, events in Europe included the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD in retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
this led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
use HTML and CSS markup sparingly if at all.
schuschnigg responded publicly that there were no riots.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
When used in the context of a politician, constituent can mean a citizen who resides in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow at the center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3. He played a passenger.
Instead of filming the scene with a helicopter, the crew fashioned a trailer and attached a cantilevered arm to the “hovercraft” and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano.
Attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
a historian has said that " quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa"
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggest a rocky surface composition.
she became the editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered, with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these ecosystems provide ideal habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate. After the sena dynasty, it was ruled by the Mughals.
the prime minister is in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house.
for Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
on June 1, 1972, he and other members of the RAF were apprehended after a shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
the intense hurricane caused severe damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
The tomb-shrine of Meher Baba is now located at the site. It also has facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its original condition.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County in Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery alongside Frank Gardiner.
heavy rain fell on October 5 over parts of Britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. If you want, you can save your configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed in approximate relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly. The free democratic party, the Christian democratic people's party, the social democratic party, and the Swiss people's party each got two members.
a fee is the price one pays for services, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments, Norway accepted the overlordship of Iceland and Greenland, while Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can be medium brown, gold-ish, or beige-white; and occasionally, it has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise, with a thistle logo that symbolizes Scotland.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
in August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
intertitles provided audiences with the type of information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That's because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan pushed forward to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
before the game got underway , the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fringe is not done . Fringe is coming back ."
A mutant is a type of character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transported to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also important in her life.
dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on the side opposite of the body.
protein was first coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
after the jerilderie raid, the gang hid out for 16 months avoiding capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the Lower Normandy region in northwestern France.
The color range is from orange to pale yellow.
an extension was added to Union Station in 1963, curving north from it and terminating at Queen's Park.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region of Central America. It included a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
google made the comic available on Google Books and their website. They also mentioned it on their official blog.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are audited carefully and require official proofs before they are altered.
the book , Political Economy , was published in 1985, but it wasn't adopted in classrooms at the time.
he toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Austrians were defeated by Napoleon at the Battle of Ulm, and General Mack surrendered his army. Napolean took 30,000 prisoners and inflicted 10,000 casualties on the losers.
it is the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won the band awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century Slavs moved into the area.
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
The name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can be used in less stringent environments
gimnasia hired two famous colombian trainers, Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she starred in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994.
the vagina stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
it is not known his real date of birth, but it is believed to be in the range of 1935 to 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a substance an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process by 50%.
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Powers.
during an interview, Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes, and each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon
gable also received an Academy Award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
