The Sudanese military and Janjaweed militia, mainly composed of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes from the Rizeigat region, are involved in the armed conflict.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam which all able-bodied Muslims must visit once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, details a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled on the cord with all his strength and crawled away east.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
The people are similar to those in coastal Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal also receives the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a small drum with no sound. They also have more intricate and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft includes two parts: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe. They were named after two astronomers: Giovanni Domenico Cassini and Christiaan Huygens.
Sandro Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
Scientists believed the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College and graduated with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party; it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the 19th century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its pure form.
Getting into Tsinghua is very difficult.
NRC is now an independent private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport with origins similar to racquet sports.
For example, on King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
The two names stopped being used in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of Scotland.
Tagore copied many styles, including work from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband stayed in the US until 1927, then returned to France.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointed towards Uranus.
The British wanted to take the land by force, so they decided to eliminate him.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in South-East Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time, up to Caiguna.
Shell has been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration that adorn walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
it is not a louse.
He promotes a user-centered design process and works to make interaction design popular.
It is possible that the editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working Group I evaluates the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are an island chain formed by the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of Hebrides, which separates them from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, assigns number-name combinations as formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in a backing store.
Mosques require both men and women to follow guidelines, even if they are not enforced.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports from its working groups, like previous reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and her brother Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion marketed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a small protozoan parasite that infects the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind. He played Cameron "Buck" Williams in Left Behind II: Tribulation Force and Left Behind: World at War.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River and was called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Bible, mainly the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was punished by Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and wild behavior.
So far, celebrities like Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan have featured in episodes.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken around Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance was officially released on 16 June 2009, as announced on the band's website.
He is part of the jungiery boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus wrote about the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia in early Christian Agape Feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend northern France from Viking invasions.
It is derived from VOA Special English.
Shirley Temple gave Disney a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in Switzerland's canton of Graubünden.
It is now known as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumer confusion occurs when 220 bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have discussed ethics in scholarship concerning the incident.
They are castrated to make them calmer and to gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have magical abilities called knacks, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Historically, itch and pain were not seen as separate, but recently it was found that itch shares similarities with pain, but also has differences.
The tongue has glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement and helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in Sarthe, France.
Without land use controls, buildings can be built on the bypass, turning it into a regular town road and eventually becoming congested like the streets it was meant to avoid.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland can be explored from this location.
Bruises often hurt, but are not life-threatening.
No one associated with Wikipedia is responsible for any use of the information on the website.
George Frideric Handel worked as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and they have poor vision.
Chitin is the toughest biological material, rivaled only by them.
Oregano is important in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with an Oyster Card.
He published and produced his own works and was commissioned to do large woodcuts.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history from primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the icecap on lake Vostok is believed to increase the oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis' father is a big fan of his son and supports him.
Once it became a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium wage for a type of labor is the price.
Believing the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book called An Adventure in 1911 under pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi came under the rule of the Church as part of Perugia. In 1860, it became part of the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th without convection, and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
Pete and Dud are the foul-mouthed characters from the show.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes in 1990.
Shade breaks a law, which leads to the destruction of the colony's home and their migration, separating him from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
The competitors play speed chess, with twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
The damage extended along the Atlantic coastline and into West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
the wave crossed the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press updates its stylebook annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100. See also the Gospel According to the Hebrews.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture industry since the late 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
they cannot fully participate until they are legally adults.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often stable subversion snapshots.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his "destiny city".
The Bolsheviks destroyed two major landmarks in Rostov, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
cogeneration, or CHP, is when a heat engine or power station produces both electricity and heat.
Occasionally, the male den master will allow a second male into the den, though the reason is unknown.
Wikipedia gadgets are snippets of Javascript and CSS that can be enabled in your user preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved.
He was Egypt's Prime Minister from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind while the other nicoleños moved to the mainland. Reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him an organist in the Chapel Royal, where he worked until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and considered not accepting it.
Esperanto speakers eventually saw the language and the culture as valuable even if they were not adopted by international organizations.
Dry air weakened the cyclone's convection by September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and, briefly, wife. She died in 1945.
Each version of the license has a different number.
IRC servers do not require users to register, but they must choose a nickname before connecting.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York in the same year.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually shown as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments, like the ermine and snowshoe hare seasonally, or cephalopods quickly with chromatophores.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well, and working together with universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was a singer and administrative assistant and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites live in 51 countries on six continents, with the largest populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States.
Naas is a major town near Dublin, with many people living there and working in the city.
Acanthopholis had oval plates almost flat to the skin, with spikes around the neck, shoulder and spine.
Origin Irmo was established on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the construction of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years before 1474, Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his wife and made plans to retake Wallachia.
you can add a 5-word passage to the front cover and a 25-word passage to the back cover of the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light. This is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber tries to make something to defuse the bomb, but is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Messiaen had almost finished the work when he died and Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims view Karbala as one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad demanded the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat for being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
He was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 while he was at Kahn.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop was born in the British independent music scene of the early 1990s, drawing inspiration from 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
Battalions for xi international brigade were formed using this.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and it runs shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world, with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are longer and have more content, while others are shorter and lower quality.
There are currently 95 accepted species.
Eugowra is named after an indigenous Australian phrase meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often say "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, and constitutional law. It also depends on the executive and legislative branches of government for providing resources to the native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles, which was taught by vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol, and he grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China searched along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator replaced it as the most popular calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech feature, and is thinner than its predecessor.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made from fermented milk.
75 defencemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
Many record stores nationwide banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow near the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because he talked about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Kirk Cameron plays Captain Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
In 1913, Stravinsky began writing the ballet.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal about railways, metros, light rails, and trams around the world.
In 1988, he was appointed Companion of Honour.
Loèche has installations for the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering, Onyx.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches inside and a rough striking surface outside.
She opposed cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three volume manga series about Graystripe between being taken by twolegs and his return to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in their own areas, many immigrants worked as peddlers and interacted with Americans regularly.
He was known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood, she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University believes that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, based on the need for nest boxes for species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team in Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same process used to make transistors.
Rathke first used the word gribble to describe the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum, from Norway in 1799.
Wounds caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has performed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque without the intention to pray must follow certain rules.
It is described as pointed in the face and small, like a rabbit.
Computer performance is determined by how much work it does compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the largest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues vary greatly in color.
Bankers from Shorebank in Chicago, supported by a grant from the Ford Foundation, helped Yunus incorporate the bank.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but said the details had not been decided.
At the end of the regular season, the professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Bomis, Inc., a web portal company, founded Nupedia on March 9, 2000.
The design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a complicated key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near it are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
A fourth ring with golden garlands was added to the column in 1938-39 when it was moved.
West Berlin had its own postal system and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Epoxy is the most common polymer used, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for digital television channel, radio station, and website after the printed magazine's end.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was on his own in Northern Italy for four years. He lived in orphanages and traveled with other homeless children.
stands were added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
a town may be described as a market town or having market rights even if it does not hold a market, as long as the right still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Some believe Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as punishment for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Only use html and css markup when necessary.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can also mean a citizen living in an area served by a politician, especially a citizen who voted for the politician.
prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
Papers from the conference were published in the book Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57, a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological, not physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness enabled colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other West African areas.
Spectroscopic studies have revealed hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface.
She was the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon. It has craters and smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull habitats.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they have the lower house's support.
Harry's bravery is important to Rowling; he retrieves Cedric's corpse, demonstrating selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group devoted to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is now at the site, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean near Puerto Rico.
these pdfs cannot be distributed if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, resulting in flooding.
Version 2009.1 has a usb installer that makes a live usb, which users can save their configuration and data on.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strength in the federal assembly: FDP (2 members), CVP (2 members), SP (2 members), and SVP (1 member).
A fee is the cost for services, such as an honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, or consultant.
ohio state has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland was able to fight off a Norse invasion and make a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
Minix became free and open source in April 2000, but other systems had become more advanced, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of the animal varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and it sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by the thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 covered a larger area as Jose intensified, then was canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the start of combat.
Intertitles later provided this information, helping historians imagine the film.
Real estate, businesses and assets in the third world cannot be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial growth.
He escaped Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender.
The press did not think Veeck's "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was up to his usual promotional standard before the second game began.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video for charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
Mutants are characters in Marvel Comics comic books.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the US.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by flagellants, were created in response to civil unrest in northern Italy.
Reports say certain factors can cause paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian and found a "low door in the wall" that revealed an "enchanted garden", a metaphor that appears multiple times in the work.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a significant factor in her life.
Dorsal refers to structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed all proteins had the same formula and might be made of a single large molecule.
The gang hid for 16 months after the Jerilderie Raid to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in northwestern France.
The color is between orange and pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to Union Station that curved north, then west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line went along the west side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region, stretching from the mountainous Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
google made the comic available, then explained its early release on its blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, and it must be verified before any changes are made.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but wasn't widely used in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in Moscow, Leningrad, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm in the Napoleonic Wars, resulting in Napoleon gaining over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic center, especially for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora won multiple awards and honors for the band.
After a brief pause, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were built on campus from 1900 to 1920, such as those for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name Arzashkun appears to be an Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka, derived from the proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, used by the ancients for part of Lake Van.
She was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the show out of 16,421 participants in the national casting.
ABC broadcast its episodes from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the device can be designed and used in less restrictive environments.
gimnasia hired two trainers, Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither had great success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, USA.
She also appeared in music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis. She is now referred to as "Mario's Friend".
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during birth.
His birthdate is unknown, but estimated to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to reduce a biological process, enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism by half.
The Bernese Alps span across the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern as well as parts of five other cantons.
He had one daughter in there, Mary Ann Fisher Power, and she was baptized to Ann E. Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey praised Bawden as one of his favorite artists, but expressed disappointment that not many people knew or remembered him.
The string vibrates in different modes, similar to a guitar string, and each mode is a different particle such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in the 1935 movie Mutiny on the Bounty.
