One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. As required by Islam, able-bodied muslims are required to visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next novel, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died on January 8, 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been awarded the colin mears award, which is worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate - even acrobatic - choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player who played for Napoli, Inter Milan, and Juventus.
It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Anthropology in 1943.
The BZÖ, however, differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species of animals had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century because of European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, and it encloses the city.
He was named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
Five is a sport that originated in the UK and is believed to have similar origins to many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, on his birthday, decorations will be in the color yellow.
The two museums - the Scottish National Museum and the National Museum of Scotland - became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Notwithstanding, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from Northern Ireland, Haida carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House Series, which aired on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on September 4th, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled the Ribbajack & Other Curious Tales and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At Voyager 2, Ophelia looks like an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the British decided to eliminate him and took the land by force.
Some towns in the south-east corner of western Australia, between the south Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow official western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays on walls, furniture, and boxes in architectural decoration.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark in order to stop Deku.
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates for using a user-centered design process in product development cycles, and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
A working group assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
the island chain is part of the Highlands of Scotland, separated from the mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center.
Wind shear began increasing on September 30th, and the weakening trend began on that date.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque. However, many mosques do not enforce violations, so both men and women can attend without concern.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like earlier reports, it has four reports: three from its working groups.
their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World At War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area east of the mouth of the Vistula River was later sometimes called Prussia Proper.
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and the gospel of Luke. Specifically, the story of Christmas is based on the account of the birth of Jesus Christ in Matthew and the account of the birth of Jesus Christ in Luke.
Welles was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
so far the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott on images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish-language radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a radio station that is based in the United States and is known for its special English programming.
Disney received a full-sized Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, which were presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when referring to 220,000,000 bytes as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in scholarship.
they are castrated so they will be more docile or they will put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" that are specific magical abilities. Seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
The 2009 version of the benchmarking software, Passmark, took 52 seconds to install and 32 seconds to scan. It used 7 MB of memory.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have not been considered to be completely independent of each other, but it was recently found that they share some common features. Oecussi-Ambeno is an exclave on the northwest side of the island in West Timor.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This lubricates movement in and out of the snout, and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
the same tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop on 30 May 2006 during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is used to calculate the standard deviation.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
if there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along the bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road. The bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for exploring cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
Bruises can cause pain, but they're usually not dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals connected with Wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of information from these pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
He produced these works himself, whilst his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and write history.
The high oxygen concentration is thought to be due to the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake Vostok.
The population of Timor-Leste was 89,148 as of 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
It will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis's father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium wage for a certain kind of labor is the price for that labor.
They were convinced that the grounds were haunted and so decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia. From then on, its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then with the united kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, without convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist for Hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes--the difference being a single first-place vote.
Shade's act of defiance sets in motion the main plot of the novel when he impetuously defies a law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks before the arrival of the storm.
Speed chess is a type of chess played in which each player has twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
Both former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner tends to be unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical gospels are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John. The gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, and gospel of Luke were probably written between 65 and 100 AD. The gospel of John was probably written around 100 AD.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Participation in the program is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Francisco Pizarro finally went to Florence in 1482.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, a male "den master" will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and/or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved:
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948.
Nicole was left behind and explanations for this vary. Some say she was left behind because the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, while others say she was left behind because she didn't want to leave her home.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in 1615, and he served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated he might not accept it.
After Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, they began to advocate for Esperanto to be adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
By early on September 12, the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone had eroded most of the deep convection.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, who died on February 6, 1912, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler. Eva Braun was born on October 12, 1879, in Braunau am Inn, Austria. She died on April 30, 1945, in Berlin, Germany.
There are three versions of the license: 1, 2, and 3. Version 1 is given a number of 1, Version 2 is given a number of 2, and Version 3 is given a number of 3.
most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In 2006, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers, and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument in the cephalopod family.
Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship at 14:10. Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera later in the match.
Unix philosophy is to have multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major town in Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis had armor made up of oval plates that were almost horizontally set into its skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The origin of irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposing by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
Vlad resided in Hungary before his final release in 1474, and he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia while he was there.
You are free to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
bone marrow is the soft, flexible tissue found in the inside of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
Macgruber starts to ask for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement’s orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas can be difficult, as the tracks are often in bad condition and require advance planning and a reliable vehicle, such as a four-wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
Ninety-five species have been accepted by scientists.
Eugowra is said to be named after the Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Many terms used in English, such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture," are often heard in everyday speech.
Jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
the capital is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style that was taught by Vorkapich called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became a lawyer and MK Sun grew up to be one as well.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
It was commonly used as a calculation tool before the advent of the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five players have been inducted into the Hall of Fame for their contributions to defensemen, more than any other position.
There have been alternative views proposed throughout the centuries on the subject, but all have been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In December 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's "Wendy's Confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March" in Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and all firefighters keep the cardinal rule of never leaving your partner behind: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
It is a plant that is considered a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an), in China.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968. She was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was difficult to control by most accounts.
St. Mary Magdalene's Basilica is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
The observation of radar characteristics indicates that the metal is fairly pure, composed of iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder with a matchcover that encloses a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
graystripe's trilogy consists of a three-volume original English-language manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in the sight.
The samovar and porter is a book by Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
David Lindenmeyer, an Australian national university professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like the leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Integrated circuits can also be built using small value inductors. These are typically built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as wounds inflicted by a club.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters a mosque without intending to pray, there are still rules that apply.
it is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work the computer can do in a certain amount of time compared to how much time and resources were used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Banks from shorebank, a community development bank based in Chicago, helped founder Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The Professional Hockey Writers Association votes for the All-Star Team at the end of the Regular Season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan border one another.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design features key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near it include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990, which were separate from west germany's.
The primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester or nylon are also sometimes used.
The name "Timor-Leste" survives as a brand for related digital channels, digital radio stations, and websites. The print magazine that used to bear the name has since gone defunct.
He was four-and-a-half years old when he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roved through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stand were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised.
A town may be described as a market town or as having market rights, even if the market no longer exists.
A bastion was built later to protect the eastern approaches.
On July 29, 1523, the Battle of Stiklestad took place in Norway, where King Olav Haraldsson was decisively defeated by his pagan vassals and killed.
Others have theorized that the tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly and only if there is a good reason to do so.
Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon in England.
depending on the context, constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz, and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the next year titled, "microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory."
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frederic Chopin's Opus 57 is a Berceuse for Solo Piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
A historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
Hydrated minerals and silicates have been found on the surface, indicating that the surface composition is stony.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon; it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent conditions for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is only in office as long as he or she retains the support of the Lower House.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow Raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they formed Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
Hurricane Irma caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb Shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church dome has been restored entirely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine different pipefish and nine seahorse species have been found on Timor island.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean Sea, about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
If the pdfs contain images, they need to be edited before they can be distributed.
Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5th, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
The seats were distributed as follows: The free democratic party, the christian democratic people's party, the social democratic party, and the swiss people's party each received two members.
A fee is the price one pays for services , such as the honorarium paid to a doctor .
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "by the way," "the zephyr song," "can't stop," "dosed," and "universally speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. Occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, with its thistle logo representing Scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Because the real estate, businesses, and assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital, industrial and commercial expansion can't happen.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promotion for charity equality, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
Marvel comics publishes comics featuring mutant characters.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports say that various factors can increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations, including stress and psychiatric disorders.
He was sent to Australia for seven years.
Charles had been " looking for love " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " . This metaphor informs the work on a number of levels.
her friendship with Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The dorsal side is the side that is situated towards or grows off of the animal's body.
Protein was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
The color of the leaves ranges from orange to pale yellow.
The extension curves north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turns west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
a section of the Commonwealth railways central Australian line passed through the Simpson Desert before 1980.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest subregion in the Americas. It encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog.
Any person may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, "Political Economy," was published in 1985, but it had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the Spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
The Austrians surrendered at Ulm in 1809, taking 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for many years, and is known for its production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora received multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
Slavs started to move into the area in the 5th century.
Campus underwent a number of construction projects in the early 1900s, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
Less stringent environments can be designed and used with the latter device.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, in the United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, it received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. The character is now described as "Mario's friend".
Vaginal birth stretches the vagina.
His date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be around 1935-1939.
an inhibitor is needed to inhibit a biological process or component by half.
although the name suggests they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes, and each mode produces a different particle: electron, photon, gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
