Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia group are mainly on one side of the armed conflicts. They are mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes in northern Sudan.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit once in their life.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud layer.
His next work, 'Saturday', follows a busy day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to the ball, and quickly crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord with all his might.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Drummers are followed by dancers who often play the sogo, a small drum that makes little sound, and have more complex choreography.
The spacecraft includes the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942 and was a former football player.
It was thought that the collision debris filled the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö is different from the freedom party, as it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU-withdrawal.
Many species vanished with European settlement by the end of the nineteenth century.
In 1987 Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Pure dextromethorphan is a white powder.
It is difficult to get into Tsinghua.
Today, nrc is a private, independent foundation.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same roots as racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol's birthday is celebrated throughout Thailand with decorations in yellow.
Both names became obsolete in 2007 when they were joined with the national museum of scotland.
Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in a series aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna, and Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship happened at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow Western Australian time.
Colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark, to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development and popularizing interaction design.
It is possible that the other editors and the administrator are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working group i assesses scientific aspects of climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the seas of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm began to weaken on September 30.
Each entry has a copy of the datum from a backing store.
Men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque, even if the mosque does not enforce violations.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like past assessment reports, it has four reports, three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was used for the rest of Victoria's reign and a lot of them were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked on Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films "Left Behind: The Movie," "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force," and "Left Behind: World at War," in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, later known as "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory. Later, he was the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for drinking and misbehaving.
So far, celebrities have been on the show, including Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, and more.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the Resistance's release date was announced on the band's website.
He is also in another boyband called 183 Club.
Hippolytus' apostolic tradition attests that Hallel Psalms were sung with "Alleluia" as a refrain at early Christian Agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and agreed to defend northern France from Viking invasions.
It comes from Voice of America's Special English.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones when she was 10 years old.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it gain weight faster.
Seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful, and have strong magical abilities.
Passmark software benchmarking found the 2009 version's install time of 52 seconds, scan time of 32 seconds, and memory utilization of 7 MB.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Itch and pain were not usually considered to be independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch is similar to pain, but has distinct differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which captures ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate loop during trials on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England Managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, making it as congested as local streets it was meant to avoid.
Cairns is a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be held responsible for the information on these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover, who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the only biological material tougher than them.
Oregano is essential in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He published and produced his works himself, but his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok may contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is being able to read but being disinterested in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a drug.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of Floyd and supports him.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
In 1911, they wrote a book about the haunted grounds under pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and taught practical classes.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438 Trevi was ruled by the Church, and in 1860 it merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated over Brazil the next day, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952-1995.
The band's lineup is Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
the characters are profane versions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before they released an album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, with one first-place vote.
Shade's impetuous defiance of the law sets the main plot in motion, leading to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
the female version is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
The chess played is speed chess, with twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
Two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju Massacre.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because their owner is unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off the coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the old district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often stable enough subversion snapshots.
In 1482 the order sent him to Florence, his destiny.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and heat.
Sometimes the male "den master" will let a second male into the den; the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS snippet that can be enabled in Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945-1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and the reasons for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he served as an organist from 1615 until his death.
chauvin felt embarrassed to receive his award and initially refused to accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and its culture as valuable, even if it was never adopted by the UN or other organizations.
Dry air weakened the deep convection of the cyclone by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun (1912-1945) was the companion and briefly wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a unique number.
Most irc servers do not need users to register, but they must set a nickname before connecting.
That same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE, happening on August 23, 2009 in Los Angeles.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color with their environment, like the ermine and snowshoe hare, or rapidly with chromatophores like the cephalopod family.
Val Venis won a steel cage match against Rikishi to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
This closely follows the unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites are found in 51 countries on six continents, but the largest populations are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States.
Naas is a large town with many people commuting to Dublin for work.
Acanthopholis's armor was made of oval plates in the skin with spikes on the neck, shoulders, and spine.
origin irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad stayed in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife, while preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add up to five words as a front-cover text and up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the cover texts list in the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the tissue in the hollow of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light.
Monteux is a commune in southern France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
Macgruber starts asking for objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad demanded the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, claiming they were proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
While at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop was influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s and emerged in the early 1990s.
These troops were added to battalions for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains run on it.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by the state of Israel as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction comes from international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of governments.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than male counterparts for almost 10 years.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's idol, and MK Sun became a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, it was the most used tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and thinner size.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made from bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to his discussions on Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's in 2005 and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, played by Kirk Cameron, is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of firemen: "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first planned to write the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed nationwide.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a mostly iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a cardboard folder containing matches, with a rough striking surface on the outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is an English-language manga series about Graystripe's time between being taken by Twolegs and returning to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not stay in urban areas; many of the immigrants who were peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden furniture.
As a child, she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that logging practices are not sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum, because they require nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team from Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was assigned to the wood-boring species first described in Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
Wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has successfully performed a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque without the intention to pray must follow rules.
It is said to be pointy in the face and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much work is done compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a Chicago community development bank, helped Yunus incorporate the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to try Saddam, but the details of the trial had not been decided.
The professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Four countries border Afghanistan: Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Iran. Pakistan is to the south and China is to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, inc, a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-1939 when the column was moved to its current spot and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The most common polymer used is epoxy, but other polymers can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a digital TV channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he had to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town may be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market, if the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad, Norway, when he lost to his pagan vassals.
Some theorize that tresca was killed by the NKVD as revenge for criticizing the Stalin regime.
This caused Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup with good reason.
schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in London, England.
Constituent also means a citizen living in an area governed by a politician, usually one who voted for them.
prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the next year. The book was called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series beginning with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a solo piano berceuse.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon and has no natural satellites or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are good habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they keep the lower house's support.
This scene is important to Rowling because it displays Harry's bravery and selflessness through him retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They combined to form new music manchester, a group devoted to modern music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is now located there, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in a competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
49 pipefish species and 9 seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs can't be distributed if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner, on orders of Sir Frederick Pottinger.
Heavy rain caused flooding in parts of Britain on October 5.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to make a live usb which can save the user's configuration and personal data.
The seats were distributed according to the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with the FDP receiving 2, CVP receiving 2, SP receiving 2, and the SVP receiving 1.
A fee is the price paid for services, such as an honorarium paid to a professional.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland repelled a Norse invasion and made a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By The Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source, but other operating systems were more advanced and it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color is usually medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, and sometimes has dark brown spots, usually on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, as shown by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, then canceled after Jose's landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the early stages of combat.
The latter gave audiences information like intertitles, helping historians imagine what the film was like.
Underground economies in the third world cannot be used to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion because of the lack of real estate, businesses, and other assets.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
The press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance before the second game was not up to veeck's promotional standard.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a charity video for Equality Now.
A mutant is a fictional character that appears in Marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, were created due to civil unrest in Northern Italy.
Some reports say that various factors can lead to paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles searched for love when he first met Sebastian and found a "low door in the wall" that opened to an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was notorious and important in her life.
The term 'dorsal' refers to structures on the side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder saw that all proteins had the same formula and could be made of a single large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in northwestern France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added that curved north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park, to Bloor Street, where it turned west to end at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line ran along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail which led west to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's biggest sub-region, it included the Sierra Madre mountains and northern Yucatán's semi-arid plains.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, where they must provide official proofs before being altered.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985 but was not widely used in classrooms.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union and in 1994, he toured with them again in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, giving Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties to the Austrians.
Northern Nigeria's economic centre is the production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages. Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora earned the band awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs began to move into the region.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, auditoriums, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka. It comes from the name Arzash which is similar to the name Arsene or Arsissa, used by the ancients for part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes aired on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both didn't have much success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, United States.
She also appeared in music videos like "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde got its town charter for its 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and the 2006 Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis. She is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina stretches during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or substance is needed to inhibit a biological process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, and also in parts of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey said during an interview that Bawden was one of his favorite artists and was sad that few people remembered or knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, producing different particles such as electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable earned an academy award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
