The war in Darfur is fought mainly by the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
Mecca is the principal gateway to Islam, and able-bodied Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
A problem on the moon that is thought to be the largest and deepest hole in the solar system.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in his life.
The Tarantula, the Trickster Character, Spun a Black Cord and Attached it to the Ball, Crawling Away Fast to the East, Pulling on the Cord with All His Strength.
He died six weeks later on January 888.
They are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal since 2000 has also been presented with the colin mears award, which is worth £5000.
Dancers who play the sogóo play a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942, in Italy.
It was thought that the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs slightly from the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species of animals had vanished by the end of the 19th century, with European settlement.
In 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
The present day NRC organization is as a private foundation.
It is located at the Baltic Sea, which covers the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by Sports Illustrated.
Five is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
for example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
both the name and the organization were defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
despite the many stylistic changes, Tagore emulation included work from northern new jersey, Canada, and Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in their great performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn with Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWE European Championship at 8:10pm onSaturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until she and her husband returned to France.
The despina was discovered in late July, 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held on September 4th, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled The Ribbajack and Other CuriousYarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At the Voyager 2 image of Ophelia, the major axis of the image points towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the southeast corner of Western Australia don't follow Australian Time.
In art decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays. They are also used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
These cities are on the Palos Verdes Peninsula, which includes Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank and ratchet are looking for the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek.
This is not actually a true bug.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also helps popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
theoretically, it's possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone you've never met in person.
The working group assesses scientific aspects of climate change.
The Hebrides are a chain of islands that are part of the Scottish mainland. They are separate from the English mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the little Minch, and the sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie on July 12, 2008.
The formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
September 30th saw significant wind shear increase and a weakening trend.
Each entry has a datum, a snippet of data, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
because Mosque guidelines require both men and women to follow, violation of them can lead to severe punishment.
mariel of redwall is a book by brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born October 10th, 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports - three from the working groups and one from the management team.
Their granddaughter helène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for Victoria's reign and vast quantities were printed.
The International Fight League was an American Mixed Martial Arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
These three words are synonymous with the three different types of parasite that can cause giardiasis: intestinalis, duodenalis, and lamblia.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in films with religious themes, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind II: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called "Prussia".
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke.
Weelkes went to trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gibson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott on images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on June 16th 2009, the official release of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another jungiery band 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend northern France from incursions by other Viking groups.
voa is a registered trademark of voice of america
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden .
It continued as the Swiss town in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion when 220,1 million bytes is referenced as 1 million megabytes instead of 1 million kilobytes.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports about ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be less fierce or may put on more weight quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are very rare.
Benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7mb memory utilization.
volterra is a small town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps to lubricate movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
Tram derailment on May 30th, 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former IPswich town and England managers, outside the ground.
To take the square root of the variance, we need to find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bumps often cause pain but are not dangerous.
The authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, and anyone else connected with Wikipedia can not be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
They have small eyes and poor visual acuity.
Chitin is the strongest biological material and is only rivaled by biological materials in toughness.
Oregano is an important ingredient in Greek cuisine.
-Tickets can be bought for national railways, the Docklands Light Railway and on oyster card.
These works were produced and published by themselves whilst the larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method is the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
The weight of the ice cap on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
When a person is interested in reading but cannot because they have other things to do, they are called aliterate.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
When the fish eats, it will then swim away to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis " Father" has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after becoming category four status, the outer convection of the hurricane changed.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage plus the cost of benefits.
convinced they were haunted, they decided to publish their findings as a book, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several Fast Food Restaurants, a Cafeteria-Style Restaurant, Coffee Bar, and its Own Grocery store.
The King left 11,000 troops to garrison the new conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed through the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia. From there, its history merged with that of the states of the church. After 1860, it merged with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil. It caused heavy rains and flooding.
The new york city housing authority police department was an agency that was in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band includes Flynn, vocals, guitar, duce, bass, phil demmel, guitar, and Dave McCallion drums.
Countries with a muslim minority have a higher chance of having mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier ones and Pete.
Johan quit the band before they ever released an album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
In 1990, mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he disregards that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration and separation from him.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
Chess is a form of speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes to play.
The Amazon River is the source of the Amazon Basin.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
A severe damage to the coastline and inland areas in thewestern United States.
because the owner is not typically aware of these computers, they are likened to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john . These texts probably were written between 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
unlike the Earth which is made of ice crystals, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane.
They are limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are unusual, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, Florentine envoy Cosimo de' Medici ordered his envoy Giovanni da Verrazzano to go to Florence.
In the Soviet years, two of Rostov's principal landmarks--St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807--were demolished.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey experiment in 1953.
Chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the den master will allow a second male into the den; this is not clear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your preferences.
The following links will help you get involved in the complex sentence.
He was the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind with explanations that vary depending on when the rest of theNicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615. He served as an organist from at least that time until his death.
He was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture it had grown up around it as ends in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection near the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of it by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, who died in 1945, was the long-time companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license version has a unique version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to sign up but they will have to set a nickname before being connected.
He also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
This is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He usually portrays himself as being bald and have long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the polestar.
Some animals have a chromatic response, changing color in different environments. The cephalopod family has chromatophores in their integument.
Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the Intercontinental Championship.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do things well and working together over universal interfaces.
He was born into a musical family. His mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale.
There are many mennonites living in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a town in Ireland that is home to many people. Most of them live there and work in Dublin.
The armour of Acanthopholis consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Colombo, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad opened on Christmas Eve in 1890.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of Lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, he resided in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the original version.
He is buried in the Alsip Cemetery in Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in the inside of bones. It is flexible, so it can move around.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life  that makes him run out of time .
This document was substantially complete when Messiah died and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ite Muslims believe that Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf are among their holiest cities.
The government of Thailand, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat were accused of being proxies for Thaksin Shinawatra.
however, traveling through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
Kahn was Chief Architect for the Fisher Building from 1928-1929.
He excuses himself and leaves to rehearse.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 and is the eleventh largest in the world.
Ten Boom was honored in December of 1967 as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite long and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
About 95 species have been accepted.
The eugowra name comes from the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
In English, these terms are often used to describe items such as underwear and movies.
jurisdiction derives its power and substance from public international law, conflict of law, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The death of Minnehaha, Overture to the song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha 's departure.
The capital of Brazil is Brasília.
Despite her lower salary, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in the style of Vorkapich, which is taught as kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, and MK Sun became their idols and went to school to become lawyers.
The ISBN for Complex Sentence: is 1-876429-14-3.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before calculators were developed, scientists and engineers used hand calculators to do calculations.
Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by the fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defenders are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but they have all been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are long, and have a wide at the top and a narrow at the ankle.
suleman cut howard stern's radio show from four stations because he was upset about how much Stern talked about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons' IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Plot Captain Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and I are firefighters in Albany, Georgia and we firmly keep the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind."
The president of the United States, Barack Obama, won the election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were suppressed when the government was in control.
Olivier Offenbach wrote many opera during the 1850s and 1860s and they were very popular in both France and English-speaking countries.
tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang ' an modern-day Xian.
Jeanne Marie Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was largely uncontrollable by most accounts.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicates a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry worldwide.
He was made a Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche is the company that manufactures onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A small cardboard folder with a coarse striking surface on the exterior, containing matches.
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a manga series following graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood, she had collapsed lungs, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term Gribble was originally given to the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum.
Wounds inflicted by a club are usually known as blunt-force trauma injuries.
Thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
even though you do not intend to pray, there are still rules that apply to you when you enter the mosque.
It is a small animal that is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system can do compared to how long it takes to complete it.
These reservoirs can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
Human skin tones can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
A group of bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the incorporation of the bank.
A reporter said that they had not yet determined what would happen with Saddam, but they had plans to put him on trial.
The writers of the professional hockey team at the end of the season vote on the all-star team.
The three countries that border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, and Pakistan to the south are all in the same area.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, and under the ownership of Bomis, Inc. a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on Feb. 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The painting by Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney, the largest city in New South Wales, is the capital of Australia.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name lives on as a brand for related spin-offs like digital television, digital radio, and website that have survived the death of the printed magazine.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of Northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The goals of the ground were modernised in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
The bastion was built later.
On July 29th, in the battle of Stiklestad, Ottoman vassal Olav Haraldsson was killed by his pagan vassals.
others have theorized that the elimination of tresca was retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only for good reasons.
schuschnigg immediately responded to the media that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
A person who lives or is situated in an area that is governed by a politician. This can be restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in Mainz, and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone appears in the 2003 French film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of having a crew build a trailer, they shot the scene while riding in a hovercraft north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book in the next year. Economic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps and et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
The work, Opus 57, is a lullaby for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
A historian has written that Quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into new areas of West Africa.
A study has shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates. This suggests that the surface is stony.
She became the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is a moon-like planet with heavily cratered surfaces, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent places for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Mughal dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office as long as they keep the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
They were arrested on June 1, 1972, after a shootout in Frankfurt.
together they founded new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense Hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
The site now houses the mausoleum of Meher Baba, as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The church was restored entirely.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is an island located in the northeast Caribbean Sea. Approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
because these pdfs contain images, they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain any images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb where the user's configuration and personal data can be stored if desired.
TheDemocrats had two members in the House of Representatives, while the Social Democrats had two members. The Swiss People's Party had one member.
The price a person pays for services. A fee is the amount that a person charges for providing a service.
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album include " by the way", " the zephyr song", " can't stop", " dosed", and " universally speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software under a permissive free software licence, but it was only used by students and hobbyists until other operating systems surpassed its capabilities.
The body color can vary depending on the color of the clothes you are wearing. Some people have brown skin, while others have gold or light brown skin. Occasionally, there are dark brown spots on the body.
The Britannica was primarily a British enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, before being canceled soon after landfall.
In 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that US Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The former made audiences understand information that was later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That's because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to the usual standard.
In a short video promoting the charity equality, joss Whedon confirms that " fray is not done ," and that " fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel.
The SAT and ACT are standardized tests for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in Northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports suggest that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was sent to Australia for seven years.
In Charles Waugh's book The Life of Charles Dickens, he writes about how Sebastian found Charles in search of love in those days when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden ", a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
The famous friendship she had with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal.
The term " protein " was coined by German physicist Ernst Friedrich Berzelius in 1838. He observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
The group spent sixteen months evasioning capture, during which time they managed to avoid detection by theJerilderie Raid.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
The color range from orange to pale yellow is from light to dark.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at st. George and Bloor Streets.
A section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson desert before 1980.
The portage trail led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region of South America, and it includes a vast and diverse landscape from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on their website and mentioned it on their blog along with an explanation for the early release.
All students are welcome to register with the college, where they are carefully audited and must provide official proofs before changes are made.
The book was published in 1985 but was not well received in the classroom.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 for the first time in the Soviet Union. He also toured with the ipo in 1994. He performed in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars fought by the French and Italian governments against the Austrian Empire and its king, Napoleon I.
Nigeria has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for many years and is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A large majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora was honored with multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
The majority of the songs were written by Richard Sherman and Robert Sherman.
At the turn of the century, the Slavs moved into what is now the Czech Republic.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus in the 1900s, including a building for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a large hospital, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott county, Illinois, United States.
Name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of lake van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
The show aired from September 21, 1993 until March 1, 2005.
The former device can then be used in more stringent environments.
Gymnastics hired the first famous Colombian Trainer, Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She also appeared in a few music videos, including " it girl" by John Oates and " just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
In 1994, Pauline returned as the game boy remake of Donkey Kong in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2, and later as Mario vs. Donkey Kong: March of the Minis.
The vagina is quite elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure is used to indicate how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process.
These are in the neighboring cantons of bern and valais.
The daughter of Anna Powers was baptized as Mary Ann Fisher.
The interviewer mentioned that Bawden was one of their favorite artists, lamenting the fact that many people didn't know about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable also nabbed an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's "Mutiny on the Bounty."
