The Sudanese military and Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, make up one side of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, "Saturday," follows a busy day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and pulled it east with all his strength, while attaching it to the ball.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been presented with the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers with acrobatic choreography, and they often play the sogo, a tiny drum.
The spacecraft consists of the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Sandro Mazzola, born on November 8, 1942, is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the collision debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party, as it favors a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Getting into Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him 1982 "sportsman of the year".
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same roots as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol's birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations throughout Thailand.
Both names were merged into the national museum of scotland in 2007.
Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in the Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Mosaics and inlays made of colored and iridescent shell have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills are the other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a real louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and popularizing interaction design.
It is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working group i assesses the scientific aspects of climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides are a chain of islands separated from the Scottish mainland by rough waters.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum from a backing store.
As a result, both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque, even if it is not enforced.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it contains four reports, three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is their granddaughter and a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion, labeled as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis by living and reproducing in the small intestine.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, where he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory, and he was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and bad behaviour.
So far, celebrities featured in the episodes include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the band announced the official release date of The Resistance on their website.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 club.
Hippolytus's apostolic tradition states that Hallel psalms were sung with 'alleluia' as the refrain at early Christian feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to protect the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Disney was given a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by 10-year-old Shirley Temple.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is a district in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is called 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about the ethics of scholarship due to this incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software's benchmarking shows the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Until recently, itch and pain were thought to be the same, but they were found to have some similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps catch ants and termites.
The same tram had derailed at Starr Gate Loop during earlier trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in northwestern France.
If there are no land use controls, buildings can be built along a bypass, making it as congested as other local streets.
It is a starting point for exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually hurt, but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the only biological material tougher than them.
Oregano is important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and with Oyster Cards.
He produced and published his own works, and most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The heavy icecap on Lake Vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research shows that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of his son Floyd.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's temporal rule as part of the Legation of Perugia, and was then part of the States of the Church until it joined the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and it caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup includes Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
The characters are crude versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before the band released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade's disobedience of the law sets off a chain of events that causes the destruction of his colony's home, forcing them to migrate and separating him from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
The form of chess played is speed chess with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage affected the Atlantic coastline and went as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because their owner is usually unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and organized into a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
For example, the AP stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry since the late 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They can't participate until they become adults.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his "destiny city."
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks during the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and heat.
On occasion, the male den master will let a second male into the den, though the reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, and the reasons vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he was an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and wanted to not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers saw the language and culture as valuable, even if it is never used by international organizations.
Dry air around the southern part of the cyclone weakened the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a unique version number.
Most irc servers don't require users to register, but they must set a nickname to be connected.
That same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a wrestling pay-per-view event taking place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments, such as the ermine and snowshoe hare, or quickly with chromatophores in the cephalopod family.
Val Venis beat Rikishi in a steel cage match and kept the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
This follows the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well, and they work together through universal interfaces.
He comes from a musical family; his mother was a singer and administrative assistant, and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites live in communities in 51 countries on six continents, and can also be found scattered amongst the populace in those countries.
Naas is a major Dublin suburb with many people living and working there.
Acanthopholis's armor was made of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, and spikes were on the neck and shoulder area and along the spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve 1890 because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and Consolidation Bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while planning the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add up to five words as a front-cover text and up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering of blue light is more efficient than red light, like the scattering that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France.
Macgruber starts trying to make something to defuse the bomb, but he gets distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished orchestrating the final movement with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad demanded the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who were accused of being Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four wheel drive.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves with Dr. Schön for rehearsal.
britpop came from the British independent music scene of the 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
This was added to battalions forming for xi international brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains run on it.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, the state of Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and of lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English often uses "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the government.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade, despite this.
gumbasia was made in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee inspired MK Sun to become a lawyer.
Isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the pocket calculator, the most used calculation tool in science and engineering was the abacus.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made through bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout the centuries, alternative views on the subject have been proposed but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and had higher system-wide sales than McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that it is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway gazette international is a business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was given the honour of Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche holds the Onyx installations, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and a striking surface on the outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking near children and drug use by pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three volume English-language manga series tracking him from when he was taken by twolegs in Dawn to when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban areas; many immigrants interacted with Americans on a daily basis.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood, she had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits with the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was first used for the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum from Norway.
Wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules.
It is described as pointy-faced and the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the work it can do compared to the resources it uses.
The Volga has some of the world's biggest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank in Chicago helped Yunus incorporate the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details were not yet determined.
The professional hockey writers ' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer used is usually epoxy, but other polymers can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind the goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernised.
Even if it doesn't hold a market, a town can still be called a market town if it still has the right to do so.
They built a bastion on the eastern approaches later.
Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as revenge for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union regime.
This made Montenegro and Serbia independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when needed.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Constituent can also mean a citizen who lives in an area governed by a politician, usually one who voted for the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book the following year. The book was called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a piano solo berceuse.
these attacks may have been psychological instead of physical.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon: it has craters and smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas are good habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as the lower house supports them.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and his selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims, is now at the site.
The main church's collapsed dome has been fully restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed if they have images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner, on orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
Heavy rain fell in some parts of Britain on October 5, causing floods.
Version 2009.1 offers a usb installer that creates a live usb which can store the user's data and configuration if desired.
The seats were distributed among the four parties based on their strength in the federal assembly: FDP (2), CVP (2), SP (2), and SVP (1).
A fee is the price one pays for services, especially an honorarium to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other professional.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to stop a Norse invasion and negotiate a good peace agreement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source, but other operating systems had already surpassed it, so it was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color of these animals varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may be marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolised by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during combat.
The latter gave audiences information similar to intertitles, and can help historians imagine the film.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital.
He escaped from Sydney Cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and demanded surrender.
The press said the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a short video promoting Equality Now.
A mutant is a character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by flagellants.
Some reports say that certain factors can increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to go to Australia for seven years.
Waugh wrote that Charles was looking for love when he met Sebastian and found a door that opened to an enchanted garden.
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal means anatomical structures that are on or grow from the back of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed proteins had the same formula and could be made of one big molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color is orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added, curving from Union Station to near Bloor Street, where it ended at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail that led to Unalakleet in the west.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region was vast and varied, from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site, and mentioned it on their blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which needs official proofs before being changed.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but did not become widely used in the classroom.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, giving Napoleon 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic centre and a groundnut-producing hub.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
After a stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
In the 5th century, slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, such as for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry, natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name Arsen, Arsissa, applied to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen for the tv show among the 15 candidates.
ABC aired its episodes from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni but neither had much success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, USA.
She also appeared in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter in honor of the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, now described as "Mario's friend."
The vagina stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are in Bern, Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud, not just Bern.
He had one daughter there, who was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered him.
The string can vibrate in various modes, like a guitar string making different notes, and each mode is seen as a different particle.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
