One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of Sudanese military and the janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca. Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
There, he died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears award to the value of £5000 since 2000.
Following the drummers are dancers. They often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former footballer.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. When he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology in 1943.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party. As is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century. This was due to European settlement.
In 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
The NRC is an independent, private foundation today.
It is located in the Baltic Sea, just south of the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
fives is a sport believed to derive from the same origins as racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand on his birthday, it will be decorated with yellow color.
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Notwithstanding , Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for president Reagan in 1988. Her three performances aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. 8:10, Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was first discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack and other curious yarns, and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2, ophelia appears as an elongated object. The major axis points towards uranus.
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow official Western Australian time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that a bad guy called drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It isn't actually a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to make interaction design more mainstream.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working group i is a group that assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum (a nugget of data) which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, although many mosques won't enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
The book mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born July 10th, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report is made up of four reports- three from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, hélène langevin-joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson, pierre joliot, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is synonymous with giardia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Aside from this, Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River. Later, it was sometimes called "Prussia Proper."
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew and the gospel of Luke specifically.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behavior.
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o' grady, and lee ryan.
The discovery was made by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on June 16, 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallel Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles. He converted to Christianity and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is an American radio network known as VOA.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, which were presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is now known as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion among consumers when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
the incident has been widely discussed as to the ethics of scholarship.
Castrated animals are generally more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This helps to move in and out of the snout as well as catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided sustenance for the people at the stadium, including food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass, which will turn it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not dangerous in and of themselves.
None of the people who wrote, contributed, sponsors, administrators, or vandals can be held responsible for your use of information found on Wikipedia.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small, and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method is the techniques and guidelines historians use to research and then write history.
The weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the ability to read but not be interested in it.
mifepristone is a pharmaceutical drug used to terminate pregnancies.
It will then dislodge itself and go back to the river bed to digest its food, and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Today, Landis' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price
They were convinced that the grounds were haunted and decided to publish their findings in a book and adventure under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then in 1860 with the United Kingdom of Italy.
On the 20th, the depression moved inland. It lacked convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist for the swedish power metal band Hammerfall. He quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa secretary of state in 1998 and won.
in 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
before the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played where each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
The hurricane caused extensive damage up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane. Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
Their participation is only available until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
Finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment was used to demonstrate this. By Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is a process where heat and power are generated by using a heat engine or a power station.
Sometimes the male "den master" will let a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Some useful links are below.
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945-1946 and again from 1946-1948.
She was left behind. Explanations for this vary. When the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to be receiving his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Later, esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself, even if esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone slowly eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, born Eva Paula Braun on 6 February 1912, died 30 April 1945, was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and, for a brief time, his wife.
Each version of the license has a different version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event that will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as a bald man with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally, like ermine, or more rapidly, like cephalopods in their integument.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10. Venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera.
Unix philosophy was to have multiple programs that did one thing well and worked together over universal interfaces.
He is from a musical family. His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest population of Menonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of the Congo and the United States, but Menonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a major Dublin suburb, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis' armour consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The railroad company, origin irmo, was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection Nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something that can defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat. The pad accused them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi'an International Brigade.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines. And shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people. It is the eleventh largest stadium in the world and the largest in Europe.
In December, 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Articles can be quite lengthy or short, and may be of high or lesser quality.
95 species are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the Australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: the death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles.
the lawyer Brandon Waise Lee became his idol, and Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yogurt or yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacteria fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame. More than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views about the subject, proposed throughout the centuries, have all been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top. They get narrower as they go down.
in 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many stores in Canada as McDonald's " Wendy's Confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. And system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Igor Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests in the nation were suppressed.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xian.
Jeanne-Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to play.
Santa Maria Maggiore, the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate that the iron-nickel composition is fairly pure.
railway gazette international is a monthly journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder that matches cover and contains a quantity of matches.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children and pregnant women.
She definitely vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe 's trilogy has a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe, between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to Thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & porter 1994, p. 84; Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer, an Australian national university professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to a wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds inflicted by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in a competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as a pointed object about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done by the system in comparison to how much time and resources are used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
The crosier (a key) symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank. The grant from the Ford Foundation was involved.
bremer said that plans were in the works to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Hockey writers representatives vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan all border one another.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is NSW's largest city and capital.
Polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name " Maxim " lives on as a brand for related digital television channels, digital radio stations, and a website which have all survived the demise of the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town even if it no longer has a market. Provided the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
In 872, Harald Fairhair, king of Norway, was forced to make terms with his pagan vassals. In the battle of Stiklestad, Olav Haraldsson was killed.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use markup sparingly and only when it's necessary.
schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were not true.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a fellow of the institute of european history in mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead of filming the scene on a hovercraft, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year. In a book by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a short piece for solo piano.
It's not clear whether these attacks were physical or psychological in origin.
a historian has said that " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa "
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates a surface composition that is rather stony.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats are ideal for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house
This scene is important to Rowling because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together they formed new music manchester, which is committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense Hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of meher baba's samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its entirety.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean. It is approximately 300 km (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell on October 5 across portions of Britain, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows:free democratic party  fdp : 2 members, christian democratic people 's party  cvp : 2 members, social democratic party  sp : 2 members, and swiss people 's party  svp : 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays for services, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system encompasses 21 libraries located on their Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary from a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily an scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Hurricane Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union-Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The later provided audiences with the sort of information that was provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to raise capital.
He ran from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
ned and dan, who had advanced to the police camp, ordered them to surrender.
In the lead-up to the second game, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance hadn't been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting the charity, equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a kind of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was to be transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that Charles had been "in search of love" when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall...which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden" which informs the work on a number of levels.
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on the side of an animal that grow off of that area.
the term "protein" itself was coined by berzelius. After mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang went into hiding for 16 months before evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the lower normandie region in northwestern france.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
The extension was added in 1963, curved north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
It was the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica and encompassed a vast and varied landscape including the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site. They mentioned it on their official blog and provided an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. They're carefully internally audited and require official proofs before they can be altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union. They had concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the IPO again in 1994. They performed in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
The city has been an economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time, and it is especially known for its production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages. These are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora was awarded multiple awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the WWE cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
In the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the casting process, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village Glinde, the town charter was granted.
pauline, who had originally appeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, returned in the game boy remake of mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006.
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance needs to inhibit a given biological process by half.
although the name suggests that the cheese is located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern, portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg and vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. Lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle.
gable also received an Academy Award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
