The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia group are mainly composed of the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam which all Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is believed to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud layer.
Saturday is a story about a neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula pulled the ball to the east with all of his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea are culturally related to them.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000 since 2000.
The dancers play the sogo, a tiny drum, and perform acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the Cassini Orbiter and the Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942 and is a former Italian football player.
The debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Gaining admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
Today, NRC is a private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport that likely originated from racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol's birthday is celebrated with yellow decorations throughout Thailand.
In 2007, both names merged into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore emulated many styles such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 on the PBS show, "Great Performances at the White House".
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from Voyager 2's images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held in Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and seize the land.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow Western Australia time.
Mosaics and inlays of small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes in architectural decoration.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a louse.
He promotes user-centered design and works to make interaction design a known discipline.
An administrator may have blocked someone as part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of climate change.
The Hebrides island chain is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
The minor planet center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear began to increase on September 30, causing the storm to weaken.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the data in a storage location.
Men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born on 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was printed in large amounts and remained the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia Lamblia, also known as Lamblia Intestinalis and Giardia Duodenalis, is a parasite that lives in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films "Left Behind: The Movie", "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force", and "Left Behind: World at War", in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was called "Prussia Proper" and was located east of the Vistula River.
After graduating, he taught at a conservatory in Yerevan and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
weelkes was later punished for his drinking and bad behaviour by the chichester cathedral authorities.
Celebrities who have been featured on the show include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The resistance's official release date was announced on 16 June 2009 on the band's website.
He is also a member of the boyband 183 club.
Early Christians sang Hallel Psalms with an Alleluia refrain at Agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore allegiance to Charles, converted to Christianity, and protected the northern region of France from other Viking groups.
VOA Special English is derived from Voice of America.
Shirley Temple presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
hinterrhein is a district in graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is located in the Czech Republic.
Consumers get confused when 1 mb is used to refer to 1,048,576 bytes instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship regarding the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to make them gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software found the 2009 version's install time was 52 seconds, scan time was 32 seconds, and memory utilization was 7 MB.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it was found that itch and pain have similar features, but also differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials in 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
Without land use controls, bypasses can become congested like local roads.
People can use Cairns as a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often hurt but are usually not dangerous.
No one connected to Wikipedia is responsible for your use of the information linked on these pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the only biological material tougher than them.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He published and produced his own works, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on Lake Vostok is believed to cause high oxygen concentration.
In 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the condition of being able to read but not enjoying it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
It will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big supporter of Floyd and a fan of his.
After becoming a category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont published a book about their findings of a haunted area in 1911.
He taught in London.
brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was ruled by the Church and its history merged with the states of the Church, and then in 1860, with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current band lineup consists of Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population may use mosques to promote civic participation more than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but quit before they released an album.
In 1998, culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes.
Shade's defiance of the law sets the novel's plot in motion, leading to the destruction of his colony's home and their premature migration, separating him from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
Before the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
Speed chess is the form of chess played with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their actions in 1979 and 1980.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are often compared to zombies because the owner is unaware.
The wave turned into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press Stylebook is updated yearly.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between 65 and 100 AD.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are composed of ice crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases of development are rare, but subversion snapshots are usually stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, the "city of his destiny".
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in their 1953 Miller-Urey experiment.
Cogeneration, also known as CHP, is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat.
Sometimes the male " den master " will permit another male into the den , but the reason is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a snippet that can be enabled in your wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, leaving her behind.
James I appointed him an organist of the Chapel Royal until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and did not want to accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and its culture as important, even if it is never adopted internationally.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection around the cyclone by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's companion and wife from 1912 to 1945.
The license has a version number.
Users must set a nickname before connecting to an IRC server.
In that same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a wrestling pay-per-view event on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals can change color with their environment, like the ermine and snowshoe hare, or quickly with chromatophores like cephalopods.
Val Venis won a steel cage match against Rikishi to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Programs should do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces, like in the unix philosophy.
His mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents.
Naas is a major town with many people living there and commuting to Dublin for work.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin with spikes on its neck and shoulders and along its spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add up to five words as a front-cover text and up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are often blue due to the scattering of blue light.
Monteux is a commune in Vaucluse, France.
Macgruber attempts to make something to defuse the bomb but is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the final movement of the work with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen's death.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city.
The pad demanded the resignations of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom they accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a reliable four-wheel-drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
britpop was a 1990s music genre influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
Battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade from this.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Israel honored Ten Boom as one of the Righteous among the Nations.
Some articles are long and detailed while others are short and lower quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often use words like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer, inspired by Brandon Waise Lee.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator replaced the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, better battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and is thinner than its predecessor.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies throughout the centuries.
Many record stores nationwide banned the album.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to Stern's discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
In 2005, Wendy's announced a March IPO and by 2002, their Canadian sales had surpassed McDonald's.
Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female performer in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky planned to write the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the worldwide railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was given the ch honor in 1988.
Loèche has Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a cardboard folder with matches and a striking surface on the exterior.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed not to give up the commune and challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series about his time away from ThunderClan.
Syrians did not form urban enclaves and many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argues that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum, as indicated by the need for nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team in Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
Rathke first used the term gribble to refer to wood-boring species in Norway in 1799.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club.
Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are rules that apply to those who enter a mosque, even without the intention of praying.
It is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the work it does compared to the time and resources used.
The Volga has many large reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank in Chicago helped Yunus to incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial but said the details had not been determined.
Professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China all border Afghanistan.
nupedia was founded by bomis, inc on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
Two nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 with golden garlands when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Epoxy is usually the polymer used, but other polymers can be used too.
The brand from the printed magazine survived with a digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left alone and had to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
Stands were added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town can be called a market town if it has market rights, even if it doesn't hold a market anymore.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29th in Norway.
The NKVD may have eliminated Tresca as punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Only use html and css markup when needed.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb of Croydon, England.
Constituents are citizens who are represented by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and filmed the scene while driving on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
Phelps et al published the conference papers in a book the following year.
Wario Land is a platforming video game series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
frédéric chopin's opus 57 is a solo piano berceuse.
These attacks may have been psychological, not physical.
A historian said that quinine allowed colonists to move to the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon with its craters and smooth plains, and has no moons or atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These areas provide good habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate ruled Dhaka before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only if they have the lower house's support.
In this scene, Harry's bravery and selflessness are demonstrated through his retrieval of Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested in Frankfurt after a long shootout.
They created new music manchester, a group dedicated to modern music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine is located at the site, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish species and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, located near Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be shared without further editing if they have images.
Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger arrested Ben in April 1862 for taking part in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb with the option to save the user's data.
The seats were distributed as follows: FDP (2), CVP (2), SP (2), and SVP (1).
A fee is the price paid for services, such as an honorarium for professionals.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland repelled a Norse invasion and negotiated a good peace settlement.
The singles from the album were "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became open source software under a free software licence.
The body color of the animal can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by the thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards before it was canceled after landfall on September 23.
U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs in Iraq in 2003.
The latter can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to get capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He escaped from Sydney Cove several times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
The press did not think the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was up to veeck's usual standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a video promoting the charity Equality Now.
A mutant is a character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Medieval musical form geisslerlieder was created due to civil unrest in northern Italy and were sung by flagellants.
Certain factors can increase the risk of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years of transportation to Australia.
Charles searched for love when he met Sebastian and found an "enchanted garden".
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was important in her life.
The term dorsal refers to parts of an animal that are on its back.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made from one big molecule.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color can be orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added to Union Station, running north and turning west near Bloor Street to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The portage trail led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
Cardiomyopathy can cause arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region and includes the mountainous Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which requires official proofs before being changed.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had few users.
The IPO toured in the Soviet Union and China in 1990 and 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm.
Northern Nigeria's economy is mostly based on groundnut production and export.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs began moving into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The Assyrian name arzashkun is an Armenian name ending in -ka, which is derived from the proper name arzash.
She was chosen from 15 candidates to appear on the tv show out of 16,421 participants.
The ABC Network broadcasted its episodes from 1993 to 2005.
The device can then be used in less strict environments.
gimnasia hired famed colombian trainers Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but they had limited success.
brighton is a city in Iowa.
She was in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979, which was the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His birthdate is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or substance is needed to reduce a biological process or part of it by half.
Parts of the Bernese Alps are located in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud, even though the name implies it is only in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey praised Bawden as one of his favorite artists in an interview, disappointed that not many people knew about him.
A string can vibrate in different modes and produce different particles, such as electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.
