one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , Islam's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8th, 1942.
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
although the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , with European settlement .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive .
today, nrc is an independent, private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , where it surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport that is believed to have originated from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand yellow is the most common color .
both names ceased to exist in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn won the wwf european championship  8:10 by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asked ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i : assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear started to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum  a nugget of data  which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques won't enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988, and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
like earlier assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who is named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and a vast quantity of them were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma promotion billed as the world 's first professional MMA league .
giardia lamblia  is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  and is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
later, weelkes was to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 June 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , shows that early christian agape feasts included singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return, rollo swore fealty to charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
VOA  is a service that is derived from voice of america
disney received an full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 thousand bytes is referenced as one megabyte instead of one mib .
the incident has been the subject of a number of reports about ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software has revealed that the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization are impressive .
volterra is in the tuscany region of italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an important ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his larger woodcuts were usually commissioned work .
the historical method is made up of techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000, the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  is the state of being able to read, but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today, landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they published their findings in a book an adventure  1911  , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london , doing mainly practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thereafter its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then  1860  with the united kingdom of italy .
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed copies of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .
in 1990, mark messier won the Hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made up of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is also the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some links that will help you get involved.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind ; explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he may not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone quickly eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American novelist .
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment  WWE  , which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
he is usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , and he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , which means they change color in different environments, either seasonally  or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -- the cephalopod family  .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a television camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he comes from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set close to the ground into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the House of Lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern France , in the area known as Provence-Alpes-Côte d ' Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life  that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims believe karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
Traveling through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , usually requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and doctor schön leaves .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was merged into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer passengers than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and rich in content while others are shorter  possibly stubs and of lesser quality .
about 95 species are currently accepted .
eugowra is thought to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee  , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from all over California , Europe and China were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yogurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind."
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is an example of a living fossil .
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests throughout the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles from the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux  February 13 , 1921 November 11 , 1968 , was a French organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  , the earliest extant church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed companion of honour  ch in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder  matchcover  enclosing a quantity of matches and having a rough striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed not to renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe 's trilogy consists of a three-volume original English-language manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and the time he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
Samovar & Porter 1994, p. 84: Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from a collapsed lung twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet managed to do a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor .
even if someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as sharp in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work a computer system can do in comparison to the time and resources it takes to do it.
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin tones can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan and afghanistan border each other to the north , iran is to the west , pakistan is to the south , and China is to the east .
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on February 19 , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana ; he is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have withstood the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Events in Europe on July 29 — the Battle of Stiklestad Norway —: Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
others have theorized that tresca was killed by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only if there is a good reason for it.
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots weren't true .
addiscombe is a suburb of the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks might have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere .
The town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
these habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery , and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he showcases selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found.
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km  186 miles  east of puerto rico .
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 includes a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
Ohio State 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement with norway .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in August 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
the later provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance hadn't been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting the charity equality now, joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done, fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy leads to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated on or near that side of an animal .
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of  very large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid for 16 months dodging capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed by the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully reviewed and require official proofs before being altered .
the book, political economy, was published in 1985 but it had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack Surrenders His Army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, Reaping Napoleon Over 30,000 Prisoners and Impacting 10,000 Casualties on the Losers.
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time, and it's especially known for its production and export of groundnuts.
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county , Illinois, United States.
the name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
Gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is in washington county , iowa , united states .
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
it is believed that his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later named Mary Ann Fisher Power , to Ann E Power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that few people knew or remembered about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
