The conflict in Sudan is mainly between the Sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the city where Muslims are required to visit Mecca, the holiest place in Islam.
The Great Dark Spot on Neptune was first observed in 1979 by the Voyager 2 spacecraft. At its largest, the spot measures about 120,000 miles across. Scientists theorize that the spot is a hole in the cloud deck of Neptune, which allows sunlight to reach the planet's surface more easily.
Saturday morning is typically a time for the neurosurgeon to relax and recuperate from the events of the previous day. However, this morning is different. The neurosurgeon has just completed a surgery that required him to stay up all night. He is exhausted and needs to rest.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. He then crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
Pope John VIII died on January 8, 888.
The people of the Solomon Islands are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Many drummers who often dance also play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and often has more elaborate and even acrobatic choreography.
The nasa cassini orbiter is a spacecraft that was built by nasa to explore the Saturn system. It is named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini. The esa huygens probe is a spacecraft that was built by esa to explore the Titan system. It is named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola was an Italian football player who played as a midfielder. He played for several clubs, including Juventus, Milan, and Inter Milan.
The debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He then graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology in 1943.
The BZö is more supportive of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty than of an EU withdrawal.
Many species of animals and plants had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as a result of European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Yes, the admission process to Tsinghua is highly competitive.
The National Research Council is an independent, private foundation.
Strelsund is located on the Baltic Sea coast, and it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 "sportsman of the year" by sports illustrated.
The game of five-a-side football is believed to have originated in England. Like many racquet sports, the game is a combination of various elements, including association football, rugby, and cricket.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand on his birthday, yellow flowers and decorations will be present.
The National Museum of Scotland and The Scottish National Gallery of Art
Simplify Nevertheless simplifies the complex while honoring the many styles that Tagore emulated. From northern New Ireland crafts, to the carvings of the West Coast of Canada, to the woodcuts of Max Pechstein, Simplify Nevertheless celebrates the beauty and diversity of cultures.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the Peace Corps, which would provide young Americans with the opportunity to serve their country in places like underdeveloped countries.
She performed at the White House for President Reagan in 1988.
On October 3, 2006, Perry Saturn lost to Eddie Guerrero in a Steel Cage Match at the World Wrestling Federation's European Championship Tournament. On October 10, 2006, Chyna defeated Saturn to win the European Championship.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
The asteroid despina was discovered on July 29, 1989, by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held on September 4th, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled the Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Binningarra, Culburra, Eurobodalla, Jugiong, Narrogin, Port Denison, Warburton
Shell mosaics have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes in architectural decoration. Iridescent shell inlays have also been used to decorate walls and furniture.
Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills
Ratchet helps Clank find Captain Qwark in order to stop Dek.
It is not a true louse.
He is an advocate for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
There is no evidence to support this claim.
The working group assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, which are separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed their daughter Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
0307 Hilda0718 Eugenie0957 Heidi1298 Jacques
On September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
1. FirstName The first name of a person. This datum is a copy of the person's first name in the person's user profile.
Women must wear a head covering, known as a hijab, when attending a mosque. Men must also wear a head covering.
Mariel of Redwall is about a young mouse named Mariel who leaves her home in the forest to join a group of mice living in a monastery. There she meets a cast of eccentric and lovable characters, learns to stand up for herself, and finds her place in the world.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988 in Bristol, England. He is a professional rugby union player, currently playing for Bristol in the Guinness Premiership.
1. The first report focuses on the objectives of the working group and outlines its key tasks.2. The second report provides an overview of the group's work to date.3. The third report provides an assessment of the progress made by the working group to date.4. The fourth and final report provides a summary of the group's work and its conclusions.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and her grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
The simplified stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign. Vast quantities were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion that billed itself as the world's first MMA league. The IFL was founded by Mike Tyson in 2009 and operated for two seasons before folding.
Gardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
In Christian-themed productions, such as Left Behind movies, Cameron has often played the role of "Buck" Williams.
East Prussia is the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, which was later sometimes called "Prussia Proper."
After graduating from college, Mkhitaryan returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory. Later, he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
In the gospel of matthew, christmas is described as being based on the birth of Jesus Christ. In the gospel of luke, christmas is described as being based on the coming of the holy spirit to the disciples.
Weelkes eventually found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
Some of the celebrities featured on the show have been Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979, show a dark spot on the planet Jupiter. The spot was later identified as the Great Red Spot, a giant storm that has been observed for centuries.
Gomaespuma was a radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser. The show was about humor, music, and current events.
On 16 June 2009, the Resistance was officially released.
He is also a member of another jungiery boyband called 183 Club.
Hippolytus is credited with the Apostolic Tradition that early Christian agape feasts, including the Eucharist, were accompanied by the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
The Voice of America is an international broadcasting service operated by the United States government.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
The first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft was Ceres.
Hinterrhein is a district in Graubünden in Switzerland. It is located in the north of the canton, between the Bernese Oberland and the Valais.The district has an area of and a population of (as of ).The district has a population of (). As of 2008, 26.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997-2007) the population has changed at a rate of -2.5%. Most of the population () speaks German (92.4%), with French being second most common ( 1.2%) and Italian being third ( 0.8%)., the gender distribution of the population was 49.4% male and 50.6% female. The population was made up of 611 Swiss men (45.4% of the population) and 75 (5.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 615 Swiss women (45.6%) and 74 (5.6%) non-Swiss women. In there were 15 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population
The Bohemian Switzerland is a cultural and artistic region that is located in the Czech Republic.
One megabyte is equal to one million bytes.
There has been a lot of discussion about the ethics of simplifying incidents.
Castration is a surgical procedure that removes the male reproductive organs. The purpose of castration is to reduce or eliminate testosterone production, which can make the animal more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Most seventh sons have strong "knacks" that are specific to their magical ability. These "knacks" are what give seventh sons their extraordinary power. Seventh sons of seventh sons are even more powerful, as they inherit even more powerful "knacks" from their ancestors.
The 2009 version of the passmark software was installed in 52 seconds, scanned in 32 seconds, and used 7 Mb of memory.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Until recently, itch and pain were considered to be completely unrelated sensations. However, recent studies have found that itch shares several features with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
If a tram derailed on 30 May 2006 during previous trials, it would have been simplified to: the tram had derailed
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is just the standard deviation.
A group of volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
The commune of Vouvray-sur-Huisne is located in the north-east of the Sarthe department, in the valley of the Huisne River. It is bordered by the communes of Saint-Aubin-sur-Huisne to the north, Saint-Aubin-sur-Loire to the east, Saint-Aignan-sur-Huisne to the south-east, and L'Évêché-sur-Huisne to the south. The commune is subdivided into the villages of Vouvray-sur-Huisne (the town) and Saint-Aubin-sur-Huisne.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. The bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown is a small town on the north coast of the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia. The town is located on the banks of the Cooktown River and is known for its seafood restaurants. The cape york peninsula is a region of the Australian state of Queensland, and is located on the northeast coast of the Australian mainland. The atherton tableland is a region of the Australian state of Queensland, and is located in the central region of the state.
Bruises are often caused by blunt force trauma and can result in pain. However, they are not normally dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frederic Handel was a German Baroque composer, organist and conductor. He served as Kapellmeister for George I of Great Britain, who eventually became George II.
These animals have small eyes and poor vision.
Chitin is a tougher biological material than keratin.
oregano is a versatile herb used in Greek cuisine. It can be used in salads, soups, and dishes as a substitute for other spices.
Tickets for national rail services can be retailed at stations, on the train or online. Tickets for the docklands light railway can be purchased at ticket machines at stations or online. Tickets for oyster card can be purchased online, at ticket machines at stations or from retailers.
- The Four Zoas 
- The Rape of the Lock 
- The Tempest
- Tragedy of Othello- The Four Zoas 
- The Rape of the Lock 
- The Tempest
- Tragedy of Othello
The historical method is a technique used by historians to research and write history. It involves using primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
The icecap on top of Lake Vostok is estimated to weigh around 100,000 metric tons, which would contribute to the high oxygen concentration in the lake.
Seventy-nine thousand four hundred and fifty-eight.
Simplify alliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
The fish will swim up the river and eat the food that it finds there before going back to the river bed to wait for its next meal.
There is a decreased likelihood of a child reporting a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis has become a fan of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest supporters.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged, which caused the hurricane to lose strength.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage set by the market.
The two women decided to write a book based on their findings of ghosts on the property. They used pseudonyms to protect their identities.
He settled in London and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed through the temporal rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia. From that point on, its history merged first with that of the states of the Church, then with the United Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
A depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil. This resulted in heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
flynn
duce
bass
phil
guitar
dave
drums
The countries with a smaller Muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic engagement.
Pete and Dud are two foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters.
Johan was the original bassist for Hammerfall, but he quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
Mark Messier edged Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes in the 1990 NHL All-Star Game. One of Bourque's first-place votes went to Messier, and the other went to Wayne Gretzky.
Simplify Shade sets in motion the main plot of the novel when he impulsively defies a law that forbids colonists from leaving their home colony. This law inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of Shade's colony, forcing their premature migration and his separation from them.
The female equivalent of a son is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks ahead of the storm.
Speed chess is a variant of regular chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
There is extensive damage to buildings, infrastructure, and natural resources along the Atlantic Coast from North Carolina to Florida. Significant damage has also been reported as far inland as West Virginia.
The computers are like zombies because they are always taking up space and never do any work.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press Stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical gospels are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John. These four texts were probably written between AD 65-100. The gospel of Matthew was probably written by Matthew, the gospel of Mark was written by Mark, the gospel of Luke was written by Luke, and the gospel of John was written by John.
Eschelbronn is a well-known furniture manufacturing town in the Rhineland region of Germany.
The upper half of the logo resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Unlike on Earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
There is a limited amount of participation that children have until they reach legal adulthood.
Development releases are generally more experimental and unstable than stable releases. However, there are often stable snapshots available that can be used as substitutes.
Pope Sixtus IV appointed Lorenzo de’ Medici as ruler of Florence in 1482.
St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807) were both demolished by the Bolsheviks.
He died on May 29, 1518, in Madrid, Spain, and was buried in the Church of San Benito de Alcantara.
In the miller-urey experiment, Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed that the chemical elements can be made to form molecules by bombarding them with neutrons.
Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat. This can be done through the use of a thermal plant, which uses the heat of combustion to produce steam, which powers a steam turbine, which in turn produces electricity and useful heat.
The den master will allow another male into the den if the second male is a trusted friend or if the second male is helping to take care of the den.
To simplify Wikipedia gadgets, check the "Simplify Wikipedia gadgets" checkbox in your preferences.
www.moneywise.co.uk
www.bankofengland.co.uk
www.moneysavingexpert.com
www.consumerinfo.co.uk
www.moneysupermarket.com
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
The simplest explanation is that Nicole was left behind on the island. Other explanations include that she was accidentally left behind, that she was not allowed to leave the island, or that she was not allowed to return.
James I appointed James I a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in 1615. He served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
He was initially embarrassed to receive the award, indicating that he may not accept it.
Many Esperantists began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was born on 6 February 1912 in Braunau am Inn, Austria. She was the longtime companion and eventual wife of Adolf Hitler. Braun died on 30 April 1945, just days before Germany's unconditional surrender in World War II.
The GPLv2 is GPL version 2
The GPLv3 is GPL version 3The GPLv2 is GPL version 2.
The GPLv3 is GPL version 3.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In 2006, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York City.
Summerslam 2009 will be the ninth annual professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is often simplified to being bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have a chromatic response, changing color in changing environments. The cephalopod family is an example of an animal that has a chromatic response, changing color in changing environments more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
After a series of reversals and near falls, Rikishi finally got the upper hand on Venis, locking in the Rikishi Driver for a two count. However, Venis was not about to go quietly, reversing the hold and hitting Rikishi with a steel chair. Referee Tim White called for the bell, awarding Venis a Tazz Kick to the back of the head for the victory.
Unix philosophy is that each program should do one task well and work together over universal interfaces.
Keith Brion was Keith's father and Larue was his mother. They were both musicians and Keith grew up in a musical family.
The largest populations of Menonites are in Canada (where there are estimated to be around 100,000 Menonites), the Democratic Republic of Congo (where there are estimated to be around 100,000 Menonites), and the United States (where there are estimated to be around 30,000 Menonites). However, Menonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
Naas is a large town in Dublin County, Ireland. It is located about 20 km south of Dublin City Centre, and has a population of about 58,000. Naas is a major commuter town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had a tough armour made of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into its skin with spikes protruding from its neck and shoulder area, along its spine.
The IRO was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of commons.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, Vlad resided in Hungary with his new wife.
Front cover text:Introducing the new Google Home Mini!Back cover text:The Google Home Mini is the perfect way to control your home with voice commands.
He was buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a type of tissue found in the hollow interior of bones. It is flexible and can expand and contract to adjust to the changing shape of the bone. This tissue helps to produce red blood cells and other types of blood cells.
Reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a small village in the commune of montpellier, in the vaucluse département of southern france.
Macgruber usually starts by asking for simple objects to defuse the bomb. However, he is often distracted by something personal that makes him run out of time.
The orchestration of the final movement of Messiaen's "Turangalîla-Symphonie" was substantially complete when he died in 1975. Yvonne Loriod undertook the final orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Karbala is a holy city for Muslims.
The Pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the Pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
The best way to travel through remote areas is by using a four-wheel drive vehicle. This is because these vehicles are able to travel on isolated tracks and can handle the terrain well.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines. The Sheppard Line also has shorter trains, which may make it less popular.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
There is no right or wrong answer when it comes to simplifying an article. Some are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality. Ultimately, it depends on the purpose of the simplification.
There are about 95 species of animals that are currently accepted by biologists.
Eugowra is named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Undies: underwear
Movie: moving picture
Jurisdiction simplifies the process of resolving disputes between individuals, businesses, and governments by dividing the world into jurisdictions in which a given set of rules applies. Each jurisdiction has its own set of laws and courts that enforce those laws.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha. The death of Minnehaha, the overture to the song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called Kinesthetic Film Principles. This style is all about using movement to tell a story.
Brandon Waise Lee became an idol of MK Sun when they were both students at Harvard Law School. After graduating, MK Sun went on to become a successful lawyer.
Simplify ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
The prospectors from California, Europe, and China were all digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator was invented in 1973 by John Vincent Atanasoff and Clifford Berry.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
The Hall of Fame for defensemen is more populated than any other position. As of 2019, seventy-five defensemen have been inducted into the Hall of Fame. This is more than any other position, including goaltenders.
Some propose that Jesus was only a man, and not God.
Some propose that Jesus only performed miracles, and was not God.
Some propose that Jesus was only a prophet, and not God.
Some propose that Jesus was only a teacher, and not God.
Some propose that Jesus was only a servant, and not God.
Some propose that Jesus was only a man who was divinely chosen, and not God.The majority of Christians believe that Jesus is both fully human and fully divine, and that he performed miracles, taught, and served as a model servant.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide because it was considered to be too complex and difficult to understand.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
On October 24, 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's show from four of his radio stations (WWZN-FM, WABC-AM, WPAT-AM, and WQHT-FM) because Stern had signed a deal with Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened two Canadian outlets in 2005, compared to McDonald's one outlet in 2002. System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt and Kirk Cameron are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. Caleb is a rule- follower who firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters - "never leave your partner behind." When a fire breaks out at a local store, Caleb and Kirk race to put out the flames. Unfortunately, one of the shelves collapses, trapping Caleb's partner. Without thinking, Caleb breaks the cardinal rule and risks his own safety to free his partner. This selfless act earns Caleb the respect of his fellow firefighters and the admiration of the community.
He won the presidential election with a majority of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil because it has remained unchanged for over 150 million years.
She was one of the only female entertainers allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in the early 1990s.
Strauss conceived of the ballet in 1892.
The protests across the nation were suppressed by the government.
Offenbach's operettas were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
The Tang Dynasty roof tile with the eight-pointed star was used in the western part of the ancient city of Chang'an (present-day Xian), dating back to the 6th century AD.
Jeanne Marie Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921, in Paris. She died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
The radar observations indicate that the metal is fairly pure iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains a quantity of matches. The coarse striking surface on the exterior of the matchbook allows you to easily light a match.
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed never to renounce her membership in the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy follows Graystripe from when he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in the Sight.
Syrian immigrants did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The team was founded in 1909 as the Montreal Amateur Athletic Association, and joined the National Hockey League (NHL) in 1917. The club played its first season in the NHL in 1917–18 and has been a member ever since. The Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup seven times, most recently in 1993. They have also won the Presidents' Trophy twice, in 1986–87 and 1993–94. The Canadiens have played their home games at the Bell Centre since their inception.
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors. By using a small inductor size and a low-cost process, it is possible to produce a small inductor with high performance.
The gribble is a wood-boring beetle that was originally assigned to the species Limnoria lignorum.
club wounds can generally be classified as blunt-force trauma injuries. These injuries often result from the blunt force of the club striking the victim's body. The force of the impact can cause bone fractures or other damage to internal organs.
Duns was the administrative centre of the county until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
There is no skater who has yet successfully completed a quadruple axel in competition.
Port Jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Islam is a religion of rules. Even if you're not intending to pray, there are still many rules that apply.
It is a small, pointed creature about the size of a rabbit.
A computer system can be said to be "simplified" when its performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by the computer system, in comparison to the amount of time and resources used.
The largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River. These reservoirs include the Volga-Don, Volga-Kama, and Volga-Ister reservoirs.
The crosier is a religious symbol of the medieval monastery.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from shorebank assisted Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremmer reported that the United States planned to put Saddam Hussein on trial. However, he claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The all-star team is voted on by the members of the professional hockey writers ' association.
The Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan borders are with Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc.
The design includes a key-dependent S-box, which helps to make the encryption more secure. Additionally, the key schedule is highly complex, which makes it difficult for hackers to decrypt the data.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger is to the northeast, Beaumesnil is to the southeast, and Château-Thierry is to the southwest.
The quark model is a model of the atomic nucleus that was proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964. It is a model of the atomic nuclei that takes into account the existence of quarks.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938.
The postal administration of West Berlin was separate from that of West Germany. Prior to 1990, West Berlin issued its own postage stamps.
The primavera is a painting of springtime in Italy.
Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales and the capital of the state.
Epoxy is the most common polymer used to simplify the material. Other polymers, such as polyester and vinyl ester, are also sometimes used.
The name "Survivor" is still used for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roved through towns with groups of other homeless children.
A simplification stand was first built in the 1920s, and was later replaced by a new stand in the 1960s. A simplification stand was later built in the 1990s.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
There is evidence that a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
In July 29, 1030, the Battle of Stiklestad took place between the forces of Olav Haraldsson, the king of Norway, and his pagan vassals. Olav was killed in the battle, which paved the way for the rise of the Normans in Scandinavia.
There is no evidence to support the claim that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries as a result of the breakup of Yugoslavia.
<!-- Use html for headings and lists, and css for the rest --> <h1>My First Blog Post</h1> <p>This is my first blog post.</p>/* Use html for headings and lists, and css for the rest */ h1 { font-size: 2em; } p { font-size: 1.5em; }
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England. It is located about 10 miles south of central London, and is part of the Croydon area.
The constituent is a citizen of the area governed by the politician.
Simplify Prunk is a historian and a senior fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
he also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book in 1996.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
Frédéric Chopin's "Opus 57" is a calming, soothing berceuse for solo piano.
The attacker may have been trying to psychologically harm the victim. For example, the attacker might have yelled or made rude gestures in an attempt to make the victim feel embarrassed or uncomfortable.
The efficacy of quinine gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
The spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates rather a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon because it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley, between Baden and Zurich.
Provide a range of elevations and habitats, including open areas, dense vegetation, and woodlands.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
He and another member of the RAF were apprehended on June 1, 1972, after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Simplify together they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
A major hurricane, with wind speeds around 175 mph, made landfall on the Florida Keys on September 10. The storm surge, combined with high winds, caused extensive damage to buildings, homes, and cars. The storm also caused extensive flooding in low-lying areas.
The Meher Baba Samadhi Temple is now the site of Meher Baba's Samadhi Tomb-Shrine. This site also includes facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States. It is part of the Boston metropolitan area, and the population was 181,849 at the 2010 census.
Pipefish: 1. Syngnathus ocellatus
2. Syngnathus elongates
3. Syngnathus fasciatus
4. Syngnathus nigripinnis
5. Syngnathus palustris
6. Syngnathus strigatus
7. Syngnathus tenuis
8. Syngnathus triacanthus
9. Syngnathus vespertinusSeahorse:1. Hippocampus guttulatus
2. Hippocampus haematodus
3. Hippocampus hippocampus
4. Epinephelus coeruleus
5. Epinephelus piscatus
6. Trachinotus carolinensis
7. Trachinotus dumerilii
8. Trachinotus falcatus
9. Trachinotus relictus
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean. It is about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
1) These pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images. 2) These pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images or any other type of media.
Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of England on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
This version of Simplify provides a USB installer to create a live USB. The user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The free democratic party (fdp) had two members in the federal assembly, while the christian democratic people's party (cvp) had two members. The social democratic party (sp) had two members, and the swiss people's party (svp) had one member.
A fee is a price one pays as remuneration for services. For example, a doctor might charge a fee for their services.
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norwegian rule, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
" by the way " 
" the zephyr song " 
" ca n't stop " 
" dosed " 
" universally speaking "
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of a koala ranges from a medium brown to a gold-ish color, and sometimes has dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise in its early years. The thistle logo is a symbol of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 for Jose was extended southwards as the storm intensified. The warning was then canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union-Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The story follows a group of people who are forced to leave their homes and flee to a new land after a great cataclysm destroys the old world.The film follows a group of people who are forced to leave their homes and flee to a new land after a great cataclysm destroys the old world.
The reason that underground economies in the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital is because these economies are based on illegal activities, which make the assets there illiquid and unsellable.
William John Bowen, known as Billy the Boatman, bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to Veck's usual promotional standard.
Fray is coming back. Equality Now is excited to have Joss Whedon confirm that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back." Fray is an important voice for LGBTQ+ rights and we are grateful for his support.
A mutant is a character with extraordinary abilities that originate from a genetic mutation. These abilities may be supernatural, super human, or simply unusual. Marvel Comics frequently uses mutants as a device to explore social issues, such as discrimination and prejudice.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, is a result of civil unrest in northern Italy spawning a need for catharsis.
There are a number of things that can increase the likelihood of both hallucinations and paralysis. Some of these things are: a history of mental illness, being under the influence of drugs or alcohol, being younger, and having a medical condition that causes nerve problems.
The person was transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles had been searching for love in those days, and he found it in Sebastian. The low door in the wall that opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden was a metaphor that informed the work on a number of levels. For one, it represented the secrecy that Charles and Sebastian shared. They only let a few people in on their secret, and those people were very close to them. They also used this metaphor to describe the idea of love. It was a hidden thing that was only revealed to those who were meant to find it.
Grigori Rasputin was a Russian mystic and advisor to the Russian czarina and her son. In 1916, he met and became close to the Russian Revolution's most famous and controversial figure, Alexandra Feodorovna, who was then the Empress of Russia. Rasputin's influence over the czarina and the imperial family is said to have been a factor in the revolution's success.
The dorsal side of an animal is the side that is located toward the front of the body.
Protein was coined by Berzelius after he observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
The gang lay low for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
The commune is located on the english channel coast, at the mouth of the river barneville, at the foot of the calvados plateau. It is located some 20 km northwest of normanville, and about the same distance southeast of arromanches-les-bains
Orange Red Orange Yellow Green Blue Indigo Violet
The Yonge subway line was extended north from Union Station to Finch Ave. and then curved to terminate at Bloor St. and St. George St.
The western side of the Simpson Desert was part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian Line.
The portage trail that leads to Unalakleet is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Central America
In an effort to make our books more accessible and useful, Google Books began offering previews of our books a few weeks ago. We're really excited about this new way to share our books with readers and we hope you are too.Some of our older books were released early on Google Books. We wanted to explain why and give you a chance to download them before they disappear.The early releases were done as part of a pilot project to see how users would use and interact with our books. We found that readers preferred to be able to read the books offline, and that they were more likely to buy books if they could preview them first.We're continuing the pilot project and some of our older books will remain available on Google Books. However, they will not be updated regularly, so the content may not be up to date. We hope that you'll still find them useful.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
Political economy is a subfield of economics that focuses on the study of the political and economic consequences of market activities. It was published in 1985, but it did not begin to gain widespread classroom adoption until later.
The 1990 performance in the Soviet Union was the first time the IPO had performed outside of the United States. The 1994 performance in China was the second time the IPO had performed in China.
In 1809, Napoleon's Grande Armée invaded Austria. Mack, the Austrian general in charge of the area, foolishly surrendered his army at Ulm on September 3. This allowed Napoleon to capture over 30,000 prisoners and inflict 10,000 casualties on the Austrians.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for many years. It is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
The five Dravidian languages spoken by a majority of south Indians are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
Meteor awards and honors include being named one of the "10 Best Reggae Albums of the Year" by Rolling Stone, being placed at number nine on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list, and winning the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album in 2006.
After a brief standoff, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
-Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs were constructed in 1900. A chemistry building was built in 1904. A building for the natural sciences was constructed in 1906. Hill auditorium was constructed in 1912. Large hospital and library complexes were constructed in 1914 and 1916. Two residence halls were constructed in 1916.
Winchester is located in northeastern Scott County, Illinois, approximately 20 miles northeast of Quincy and 50 miles southeast of Chicago. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 10,901. Winchester is the county seat of Scott County.
Arzashkun may be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
Out of the 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
The Simpsons began airing on the ABC network on September 21, 1993. The show ended on March 1, 2005.
The simplified device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana in the early 1920s and Julio César Falcioni in the late 1950s. Both men had limited success.
Brighton is located in Washington County, Iowa, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,527.
she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by John Oates and "just lose it" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
In 1994, Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong. She later appeared in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
He was born between 1935 and 1939.
The IC 50 for an enzyme is the concentration of inhibitor that will inhibit 50% of the enzyme's activity.
The Simplon Pass is located in the canton of Valais and the Bernese Alps are located in the cantons of Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey was an artist who was very popular in the 1960s and 1970s. He is best known for his illustrations and paintings, but he also wrote books and poems. I think one of his favorite artists was Bawden. Bawden was a very fine artist who unfortunately died relatively unknown.
A string can vibrate in different modes, just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
