Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia group are involved in the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, the holiest city of Islam.
A hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck is represented by the great dark spot.
His next work is called "Saturday".
The tarantula pulled on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
The people of papua new guinea are culturally similar.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal receives the Colin Mears Award, valued at £5000, since 2000.
Dancers follow the drummers and usually play the sogo, a small drum with little sound, and perform complex choreography.
The NASA Cassini Orbiter and ESA Huygens Probe make up the spacecraft.
Alessandro Mazzola is a former Italian football player.
The collision created debris which filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in Anthropology in 1943.
The bzö is similar to the freedom party, but supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but not an EU-withdrawal.
Many species disappeared during the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Gaining admission to Tsinghua is very difficult.
NRC is an independent, private foundation.
Stralsund is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport related to racquet sports.
King Bhumibol's birthday is celebrated by decorating Thailand with yellow.
The two names merged into the National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore imitated many styles, such as craftwork from New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero and Chyna.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held at Brescia in September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in Voyager 2 images, pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in Western Australia do not follow the official time.
Shell pieces are used to make mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to help him stop Drek by finding Captain Qwark.
It is not a louse.
He promotes user-centered design and popularizes interaction design.
It is possible that other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away.
Working Group I evaluates climate change science.
The Hebrides form an island chain separated from the Scottish mainland by the waters of the Minch, Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter named Alanna Marie on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and the storm weakened on September 30.
Each entry contains a copy of data from a backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques wrote the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby.
It consists of four reports, including three from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp during Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked on Christian-themed films, such as the Left Behind series.
This area was east of the Vistula River and was called "Prussia Proper".
He returned to Yerevan after graduation and was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Thomas Weelkes had issues with the Chichester Cathedral because of his drinking and behavior.
Celebrities such as Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, and Lee Ryan have been featured on the show.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it from Voyager 1's images of Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The release date of the resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is part of the boyband 183 club.
Early Christians sang Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain in agape feasts.
Rollo converted to Christianity and defended the northern region of France against other Viking groups.
It comes from VOA Special English.
Disney was presented with an Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones by Shirley Temple.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is in the Czech Republic.
Consumer confusion can occur when 1 mb is referred to as 1 mib instead of 1,048,576 bytes.
Numerous reports have been written about ethics in scholarship due to the incident.
They are castrated to make them more docile or to gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have special magical powers and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking showed the 2009 version's short install and scan times and low memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain were once not seen as separate, but now they are known to have differences.
The tongue is sticky due to mucous with glycoproteins, aiding in the catching of ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, former Ipswich Town and England managers, stand outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave out food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and music at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in France.
If land use controls are not in place, a bypass may become congested.
People can use it as a starting point to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful but usually not serious.
No one connected to Wikipedia can be responsible for how you use its information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and vision is not good.
Chitin is one of the toughest biological materials.
Oregano is essential in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be purchased for national rail, the docklands light railway, and with an Oyster card.
He produced and published his own works, while his woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap contributes to the high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the inability to be interested in reading.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a drug.
It will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis' father is now a big fan of Floyd.
The hurricane became ragged shortly after it was classified as a category 4.
The price of labor is the wage.
They published their findings in a book in 1911 under pseudonyms.
He moved to London and focused mainly on teaching.
Brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was ruled by the Church as part of the legation of Perugia.
The depression caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil before dissipating.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City.
Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain are in the band.
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation more than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was a bassist for Hammerfall before they released an album.
Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State position in 1998.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990.
Shade's defiance of the law leads to the destruction of his colony's home and his separation from them.
The female counterpart is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is a form of chess with 12 minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason.
The damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and inland to West Virginia.
Computers are compared to zombies because their owner is unaware.
A wave traveled across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is famous for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane.
Their participation is restricted until they become adults.
Stable releases are rare, but there are usually stable subversion snapshots.
The order sent him to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's cathedrals.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller-Urey Experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and heat.
Sometimes, a male "den master" will let a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget can be enabled by checking an option in your preferences.
Here are some helpful links to get involved.
He was Egypt's Prime Minister from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him an organist at the Chapel Royal until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Esperanto speakers started to view the language and its culture as important in itself, even if it is not accepted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded the deep convection of the cyclone on September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Braun was Adolf Hitler's wife for a short time.
Each license has a unique version number.
Users must set a nickname to be connected to most IRC servers.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York in that same year.
Summerslam 2009 is a WWE pay-per-view event happening on August 23 in Los Angeles.
He is often depicted as bald with long whiskers and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals change color in their environment, such as the ermine and snowshoe hare, or even faster with chromatophores, like cephalopods.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.
Programs should do one thing well and work together.
His parents were musical; his mother was a singer and his father was a band director.
Mennonites are found in 51 countries on six continents.
Naas is a popular suburb with many people commuting to Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates and spikes on its neck and back.
Origin Irmo was chartered in 1890 due to the opening of a railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission start in the House of Lords.
Before his release in 1474, Vlad lived in Budapest with his wife.
You can add a short passage to the back cover of a modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to the scattering of blue light.
Monteux is located in the Vaucluse department of France.
Macgruber tries to defuse the bomb but is distracted by personal matters.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with help from George Benjamin.
Karbala is one of the holiest cities for Shia Muslims.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin's allies.
Traveling to remote areas requires planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
Kahn appointed him chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He has to leave for rehearsal, so he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop was inspired by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
These battalions were formed for the Xi International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world, with a capacity of 98,772.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by Israel.
Some articles are long and detailed, while others are shorter and lower quality.
95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after an indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
English speakers often use terms like "undies" and "movie".
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the power of governments to use resources to benefit their society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, such as the death of Minnehaha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee inspired MK Sun to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a township located in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army in 2002.
Prospectors were mining in the Peel River area.
The slide rule was a popular tool for calculations before the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option and a thinner design.
Yoghurt is a fermented milk product.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position.
Different ideas about the subject have been suggested over time, but none were accepted by mainstream Christian groups.
The album was not allowed in many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman removed Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
Wendy's confirmed the Tim Hortons IPO by March 2005 and surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Georgia who follows the rule "never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux was a French musician, composer and teacher.
The instrument was hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show that the composition is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a business journal about the global railway industry.
He was made a companion of honour in 1988.
Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering is located in loèche.
A matchbook is a folder containing matches with a striking surface outside.
She objected to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She refused to give up the commune and challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy is a three-volume manga series about his time away from ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in separate areas; many of the immigrants worked as peddlers and often interacted with Americans.
He was famous for his artwork.
She had many health issues as a child, including collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer showed that logging practices are not sustainable for hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a hockey team in Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term gribble was assigned to wood-boring species, especially the one from Norway.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are caused by a club.
Afterwards, the county administration was held in Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No one has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
There are rules that apply to those who enter a mosque, even without the intention of praying.
It is small and pointed in the face.
Computer performance measures how much work a computer can do.
The Volga has some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier represents monasteries in the area.
Human skin hues vary from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus start his bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer planned to put Saddam on trial, but the details were undecided.
At the end of the regular season, hockey writers vote for the all-star team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and China.
Nupedia was founded by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are near settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938-39 and is decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a digital television channel, radio station, and website.
He was left homeless at the age of four-and-a-half in Italy.
Stands were added behind each goal in the 1980s and 1990s.
A town can be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market, as long as it still has the right to do so.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as punishment for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup with caution.
schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb of London.
Constituents are citizens living in the area served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of two European organizations.
Stallone was in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
The crew made a trailer and filmed the scene while riding on Templin Highway.
The papers from the conference were published in a book the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming game series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a solo piano piece.
These attacks may have been psychological.
A historian said quinine helped colonists move to West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies indicate a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon with its craters and smooth plains, and it has no natural satellites or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide a good home for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office if they have the support of the lower house.
Harry's bravery is shown in this scene, as he demonstrates selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
He and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They created new music manchester, dedicated to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused great damage in the upper Florida Keys.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is located there.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner landed the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine pipefish species and nine seahorse species have been documented.
Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean near Puerto Rico.
These pdfs cannot be shared if they have images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in Britain on October 5, causing flooding.
version 2009.1 offers a usb installer to create a live usb and save the user's preferences and data.
The seats were divided between the four parties based on their strength in the federal assembly.
A fee is money paid for services.
Ohio State has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Scotland resisted a Norse invasion and made a good peace agreement.
The album had "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking" as singles.
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software.
The body of the Japanese Clouded Salamander can be brown, golden, beige-white, or have dark brown spots.
The Britannica was a Scottish company, symbolized by its thistle logo.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards before being canceled after landfall.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that U.S. Marine pilots used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
Intertitles provided information to audiences.
That is because assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral.
He ran away from Sydney Cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan demanded the police to surrender.
The press did not think the "midget-in-a-cake" promotion was good.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is coming back" in a charity video.
A mutant is a fictional character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created the geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by flagellants.
Various factors can lead to paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to seven years in Australia.
Charles searched for love when he met Sebastian and found a door to an enchanted garden.
Her friendship with Rasputin was important in her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to structures located on an animal's back.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed all proteins had the same formula.
The gang evaded capture for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France.
The color of the salamander varies from orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added to Union Station in 1963.
Before 1980, the Central Australian Line of the Commonwealth Railways passed the Simpson Desert.
The portage trail leads west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
Cardiomyopathy can lead to arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is a large region with many landscapes, from mountains to semi-arid plains.
Google released the comic early and discussed it on their blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which is checked and requires official documents before being changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, visiting the Soviet Union, China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic hub for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
meteora won many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Richard and Robert Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus.
Winchester is a city in Illinois.
The name 'arzashkun' is an Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka.
She was chosen to appear on the TV show from 15 candidates out of 16,421 participants.
The ABC network aired its episodes from 1993 to 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni as trainers, but neither was successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa.
She has been in many music videos, such as "It Girl" and "Just Lose It".
On June 24, 1979, Glinde became a town.
Pauline returned in the 1994 remake of Donkey Kong, and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis.
The vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His birth date is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
Parts of the Bernese Alps are located in several cantons besides Bern.
He had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey praised Bawden as one of his favorite artists during an interview.
The string can produce different particles like electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
