one side of the armed conflicts in Darfur is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Darfur.
jeddah is the primary gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
his next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .
Following the drummers are dancers. They often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovannidomenic Cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens.
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs a little in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the 19th century, with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
Today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated.
Five is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow colors.
both (names) became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
nonetheless, tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
she performed for president Reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House series.
perry saturn with terri defeated eddie guerrero with chyna to win the wwf european championship at 8:10. saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
he also completed two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images, ophelia appears as an elongated object, the major axis pointing towards uranus.
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It is not actually a true louse.
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
working group i: assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
By early September 30, wind shear had dramatically increased and a weakening trend began.
each entry has a datum, a nugget of data, which is a copy of the datum in a backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on 10 July 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like previous reports, it consists of four reports, three of which are from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts  MMA  promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
apart from this, he has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind : world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River, later sometimes called " Prussia Proper ".
After graduation, he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew  and the gospel of luke, specifically - and .
Weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Lee Ryan, Carol Thatcher, Paul O' Grady, and Tim Allen.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 when orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another youth band called 183.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from the voice of America.  Voa  special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden .
It continues to be the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb instead of 1 mib.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong " knacks " which allow them to have specific magical abilities. Seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently. It was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous.  This helps to move and catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr gate loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich town and England managers, outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. The bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton tableland are starting points for people wanting to explore.
bruises can sometimes cause pain, but are not typically dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
they are considered rivaled as biological materials only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine.
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself. His large woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method includes the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population of the city was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then detach and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or care about.
today, landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd 's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure  1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal jurisdiction of the church as part of the legation of Perugia.  thenceforth its history merged with that of the states of the church, then 1960 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was an law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band comprises flynn, vocals, guitar, duce, bass, phil demmel, guitar, and dave mcclain.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defiance that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home,forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
speed chess, in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia.
because the owner is not responsible, the computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim appears to be similar.
unlike the clouds on Earth, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
development stable releases are infrequent, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
he died on may 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration also combines heat and power. chp is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking the "wikipedia gadget" box in your preferences.
Below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind  when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.  When she was still living on the island, she sometimes left things behind, such as clothes or toys, but more often she left instructions for the children about what to do if she ever disappeared.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Later esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12.
calvin baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Braun, born Eva Anna Paula Hitler, died on 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license version has a distinguishing number.
most IRC servers do not require users to register a account but users will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate. becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment, wwe, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
A few animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally or ermine, snowshoe hare or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WCF Intercontinental Championship at 14:10. venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that work together to do one thing well and sharing universal interfaces.
he comes from a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tightly knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin and spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area and along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens railroad.
conversely, bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois .
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life or his work that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died.  Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement of orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
shi ' a muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.  after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle.  usually a four-wheel drive.
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the XV international brigade.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe, and the eleventh largest in the world.
in December, 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter perhaps stubs and of lesser quality.
about 95 species are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous Australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " and " movie " for " Moving Picture " are often heard in English.
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this up with a number of other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha's departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju, the capital of Brazil.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer,brandon Waise Lee, became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.  9.1 millimeters.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame, more than any other current position.  Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries.  But all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move toSirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons' IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil.
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were suppressed.
offenbach's many operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux, February 13, 1921- November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore  is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations suggest that the composition of the metal in the asteroid is fairly pure.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the installations of Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
The manga series, " Graystripe ', by Tsukumasa Takahashi, is a trilogy following the catgraystripe, who is taken by twolegs in dawn until he returns to his family in the sight.
samovar & porter 1994, 84. Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
during childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs twice; she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year; a ruptured appendix; and had a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer, Australian National University, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term Gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are the most common types of wounds inflicted by a club.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
however, even to those who enter the mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer announced plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote to recognize the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, and Pakistan to the south.  The People's Republic of China borders east to the.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc.  bomis was a web portal company at the time of the creation of nupedia.
key-dependent box s codes are prominent in the design.
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany's postal administration which issued its own stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter, sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city in new south wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
events on July 29th, 1941, in the Netherlands-Norway-Iceland battle of Stiklestad resulted in the death of Olav Haraldsson.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly and only for reasons that are good.
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz.  He is also a senior fellow at the center for European integration studies at Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book in 1990, entitled "Economic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al."
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin.
A historian has stated that " quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore, spectral studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf and härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
geography the town is in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
these ideal habitats provide excellent areas for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister can only stay in power as long as they maintain the support of the lower house.
forRowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
They were apprehended on June 1, 1972, after a shootout in Frankfurt.
together they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane in the upper Florida Keys caused extreme damage as a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet reached the region.
It is now the site of Mahatma Gandhi's Samadhi tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
in 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is an island located in the northeast Caribbean Sea approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
therefore, these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in April 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. The user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
In approximate relation to the parties' strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows:
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services.  There are many different types of fees, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State 's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free software under the permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary from a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white.  Sometimes, it is marked with dark brown spots.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise.  The floral emblem of Scotland was the thistle.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall.
in August 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter helped audiences imagine what the film might have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to Veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting the charity, equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
The sat reasoning test and the scholastic aptitude test are standardized tests for college admissions in the United States.
civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports suggest that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that, when he first met Sebastian, he " was in search of love in those days " when he first met him, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " . This metaphor informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
The term " protein " was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
The gang laid low for 16 months, during which time they managed to avoid capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added to the west, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the ipo again in 1994,performing in China and India.
The Napoleonic Wars: Austrian general Mack surrenders his army to the Grande Armée of Napoleon at Ulm, receiving Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages-- Konkani, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors.
after a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, a hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancient Greeks to a part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired the first famed Colombian trainer, Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
On June 24, 1979, 750 years after the village, Glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994.  Later, Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of bern, portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg and vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher.  To Ann Fisher.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
