The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group composed of Afro-Arab Abbala tribes, are the main sides of the armed conflicts.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, then crawled away to the east, pulling on the cord.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been presented with the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a tiny drum with little sound. They have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola, born 8 November 1942, is an Italian former football player.
It was originally believed that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö differs from the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century due to European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Pure dextromethorphan appears as a white powder.
Tsinghua admission is very competitive.
Today, NRC is an independent, private foundation.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea and encloses the city of Stralsund.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so Thailand will be decorated with yellow on his birthday.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they merged into the national museum of scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place in Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He completed two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object, pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in South-East Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a true louse.
He promotes user-centered design in product development cycles and works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors and administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone they have never met.
Working group i assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear began to increase and the storm began to weaken on September 30.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in a backing store.
Both men and women must adhere to mosque guidelines when attending.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born July 10, 1988, is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and her brother Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign and was printed in vast quantities.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the Vistula River and sometimes called "Prussia Proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes found himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking and immoderate behavior.
The celebrity episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On 16 June 2009, the official release date of the Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another boyband called 183 club.
The apostolic tradition attests the singing of Hallel Psalms with "Alleluia" as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and promised to defend northern France from other Viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America Special English.
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
The Bohemian Switzerland continues in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports have been written about the ethics of scholarship related to the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or put on weight faster.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark Software benchmarking found the 2009 version had a 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Until recently, itch and pain were not thought to be independent of each other. It was found that itch has similarities to pain, but also has notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
Statues of former Ipswich Town and England managers Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a rock band performance for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France.
If there are no land use controls, a bypass may become congested like the local streets it was meant to avoid.
Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland can be explored from here.
Bruises often induce pain but are not dangerous.
No one connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for the Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is one of the toughest biological materials.
Oregano is important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on Oyster cards.
He produced and published his own works, but his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method uses primary sources and evidence to research and write history.
The heavy continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
The population in 2000 was 89,148.
Aliteracy, sometimes spelled alliteracy, is the state of being able to read but uninterested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, Landis' father is a big fan of his son Floyd.
After attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
Believing the grounds to be haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a 1911 book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and focused mainly on teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed to the church's temporal rule as part of the Legation of Perugia. In 1860, its history merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band's current lineup includes Flynn on vocals and guitar, Duce on bass, Phil Demmel on guitar, and Dave McClain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but quit before the release of any studio albums.
In 1998, Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by two votes, due to one first-place vote.
Shade breaks the law, initiating a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
The form of chess played is speed chess, with each competitor having twelve minutes for the entire game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals, unlike Earth's clouds which are composed of ice crystals.
They are limited in their participation until they reach legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but subversion snapshots are often stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his ‘destiny city’.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's landmarks: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as Combined Heat and Power (CHP), is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat.
Occasionally, the male den master will allow a second male into the den, though the reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a snippet that can be enabled in Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
The rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland, leaving her behind. Explanations for this vary.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the Chapel Royal and he served as an organist until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially refused it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and its culture as ends in themselves, even if not adopted by international organizations.
Dry air eroded most of the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife.
Each version of the license has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but they must set a nickname before being connected.
In the same year, he received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE. It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship, pinning him after Tazz hit him with a TV camera.
This follows the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States, but they are also present in 51 countries on six continents.
Naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town with many inhabitants working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis' armor featured oval plates set horizontally into the skin, with spikes on the neck and shoulders, along the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad stayed in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife while he prepared for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
Monteux is a commune in southern France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
MacGruber starts asking for objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the final movement of the composition with advice from George Benjamin when Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be a holy city after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignations of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat.
Traveling through remote areas on isolated tracks usually requires advance planning and a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle.
At Kahn, he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
Battalions were formed for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are lengthy and of high quality while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
Approximately 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is named after the indigenous Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are frequently used in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and executive and legislative branch powers.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created using kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township in Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The pocket calculator was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before its advent.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to his discussions of his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's, and system-wide sales surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found near Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
Loèche houses the Onyx interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume manga series about Graystripe which follows his story from when he is taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returns to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not stay in urban enclaves; many immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's Possum, as the need for nest boxes indicates.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to wood-boring species, especially Limnoria lignorum, which was described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet performed a quadruple axel in competition.
The telephone exchange allowed the port jackson district commandant to communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work accomplished compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank helped Yunus incorporate the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details had not yet been determined.
Professional hockey writers select the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
The design includes key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other settlements near here are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
In 1938-39, the column was moved to its present location and the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli from 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers can be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was forced to live on the streets of Northern Italy for the next four years. He stayed in orphanages and traveled through towns with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernized.
A town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it does not hold a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway on July 29.
Some people have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca as retribution for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union regime.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly and only with purpose.
schuschnigg publicly responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituent can also refer to a citizen in the area governed by a politician, usually those who elected them.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a solo piano piece.
these attacks may have been psychological, not physical.
A historian stated that quinine's efficacy allowed colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She became the official editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon: it is heavily cratered, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister stays in office only with the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were apprehended after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed new music manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine, along with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims, is now at the site.
The main church's collapsed dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 186 miles east of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
It rained heavily in parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB where the user's configuration and data can be saved.
The seats were distributed based on the parties' strength in the federal assembly, with 2 members for the FDP, 2 for the CVP, 2 for the SP, and 1 for the SVP.
A fee is the price paid for a service, especially an honorarium to a professional.
Ohio State's library system is located on its Columbus campus and has twenty-one libraries.
Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
In April 2000, Minix became free and open source software, but other operating systems had surpassed it by then and it stayed mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and can be marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southward as Jose intensified, and then cancelled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided audiences with information later provided by intertitles and can help historians imagine the films.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital.
He escaped from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
The press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to Veeck's usual standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a video promoting charity Equality Now that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy created geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall" that opened to an enchanted garden, a metaphor that influences the work.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures on the back side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that proteins had the same empirical formula and could be made of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department of Basse-Normandie, France.
The color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added curving north from Union Station to near Bloor Street and St. George Street.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
The old portage trail leads west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region, encompassing a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on its blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college and it requires official proofs before being altered.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
In 1990, he toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union, and again in 1994 with performances in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, giving Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria has long been an economic center and a producer of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, or Tulu.
meteora earned the band awards and honors.
After a stand-off, the WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs moved into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus, such as those for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
The name arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from the proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, used by the ancients for a part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen to appear on the tv show.
The ABC Network broadcast its episodes from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter to commemorate the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the 1994 Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, although she's now described as "Mario's friend."
The vagina is elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during birth.
his real date of birth is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a biological process, enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, but parts are found in other cantons such as Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey praised Bawden as one of his favorite artists, expressing his sorrow that not many people recognized the artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes and each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
