one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, and able-bodied muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
his next work, Saturday, will follow an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award, to the value of £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist.
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on November 8, 1942, in Italy.
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in a few ways, as it's in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
Many species of animals had disappeared by the end of the 19th century, with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987.
dextromethorphan is a white powder.
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive.
today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, enclosing the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
despite various emulation styles, Tagore imitated many others, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts bymax pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps.
she performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the White House series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero by winning the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) European Championship at the 8:10 p.m. ET time on Sat. Feb. 11, 2006. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she stayed in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered on July, 1989, by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the Voyager 2 images of Ophelia, the major axis of the object appears to point towards URanus.
the british decided to take the land by force and eliminate him.
Some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian border almost to Cairns, do not follow official Western Australian time.
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills.
clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy, so he asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It's not actually a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you or the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
working Group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center, a branch of the International Astronomical Union.
by early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum, a nugget of data, and a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result,although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
ryan prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol rugby in the Guinness premiership.
Assessment reports, like previous ones, consist of 4 reports.
hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris, and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist.
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
the international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind II: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck" williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river, later sometimes called " prussia."
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory and later became artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke, specifically.
Weelkes was later in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and unbridled behaviour.
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Simongregson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website on 16 June 2009.
he is a member of another boyband, 183, and is also a member of the Jungiery 183 club.
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts.
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from the voice of America, VoA, and special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues to be the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
referring to 220 1,048,576 bytes as 1 mb instead of 1 mib can lead to confusion when trying to understand what a gigabyte is.
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on more weight quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are both exceptionally rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a small town in the Tuscan region of Italy.
until recently, it was found that itch and pain share several features, but differ in other areas.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps to lubricate movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
there are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich town and England managers, outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is a measure of how much uncertainty is in a data set.
The volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
It's a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
Starting from it, people can explore cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
Bruises often don't cause any real harm, but they can also cause some minor discomfort.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these pages.
George Frideric Handel was also kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the Docklands light railway, and on an oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
the historical method uses techniques and guidelines that historians use, such as primary sources and other evidence.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then remove itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and cares about.
Landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd 's biggest fans.
shortly after achieving category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that would be paid if all workers were to negotiate equally.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book and adventure, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn, vocals, guitar, duce, bass, phil demmel, guitar, and dave mcclain.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but left before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for the office of Iowa's Secretary of State in 1998, and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
shade sets the main plot of the book in motion when he impulsively defied that law and accidentally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter.
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm hit.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of south america drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia.
because the owner is unaware of the computers' condition, they are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually.
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100.
eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, an order was sent to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny.
In the Soviet years, the bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and Saint George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
he died on may 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito D'Alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration also combines heat and power, chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
the male " den master " will sometimes allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12th.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Braun,6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license is given a distinguishing number.
most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
a few animals have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10.
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
he was born into a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in communities throughout the world, but they are especially concentrated in Canada, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the United States.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin.
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
It was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
In bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills, starts in the house of lords.
Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital in the years before his final release in 1474.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
reflection nebula are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france, in the area provence-alpes-côte d'azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
This was substantially complete when messiah died, and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
the resignation of the governments of Thailand's Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
advanced planning and a four wheel drive are necessary to travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, and require a vehicle with a four-wheel drive.
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade.
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December, 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
about 95 species have been accepted as of 2016
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard in English.
jurisdictional substance derives from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the executive and legislative branches of government's ability to allocate resources to serve the needs of its native society.
he followed this up with several other pieces about his own research on hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure.
the capital of the state is Aracaju, the largest city in Brazil.
Despite being paid less than her male counterparts, farrenc was paid more than them for nearly a decade.
In gumbasia, vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles, which created a style called kinesthetic film.
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Pocket calculators were first used in science and engineering before the advent of the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame, more than any other current position.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
suleman cut howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " wendy's confirms tim hortons' ipo by march" and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt, kirk cameron, and is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, " never leave your partner behind".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
the plant is considered a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913, when he was a student at the conservatory in Saint Petersburg.
protests across the nation were suppressed.
offenbach 's numerous operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an modern-day xian.
February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was difficult to operate.
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
he was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following graystripe, between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
It's thought that many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer, at australian national university, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
The telephone exchange in the portJackson district could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying must still follow the rules.
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is characterized by how much work a computer system can do compared to how long and resources it takes
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
tajikistan, turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000, by bomis, inc, a web portal company.
key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule are among the notable features of the design.
iain grieve, born 19 February 1987, in Jwaneng, Botswana, is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands in 1938-39 when it was moved to its present location.
The postal administration of west Berlin was separate from that of west Germanys until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
other polymers, such as polyester or vinyl ester, are also sometimes used.
The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stand was added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it doesn't have a market anymore.
A bastion was built on the eastern approaches later.
On July 29, 2006, events took place in Europe that led to the battle of Stiklestad in Norway.
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
this led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and css markup sparingly and only for reasons that make sense.
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is a citizen residing in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician; this can be restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
Prunk is a senior fellow at the institute of european history in Mainz and a member of the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of a traditional trailer, the crew fashioned a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
the conference papers were published in a book in the next year.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
Frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
these attacks may have been psychological in origin.
It was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria, and other parts of west Africa.
furthermore, Spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates a stony surface composition.
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
mercury is thought to be very similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and no substantial atmosphere.
geography the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
these Ideally provide excellent habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house.
this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
they were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
together they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba 's samadhi, as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored.
Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition in 2005.
salem is a city in Essex county, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean, approximately 300 km from Puerto Rico.
because pdfs contain images, they cannot be distributed without further manipulation.
ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger on April 6, 1862, for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner.
heavy rain fell across portions of the UK on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer that allows users to create liveusbs, with the ability to save their configuration and personal data if desired.
In approximate relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party, fdp, 2 members, christian democratic people's party, cvp, 2 members, social democratic party, sp, 2 members, and swiss people's party, svp.
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship ofNorway, but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
all 7 of the singles from the album were included on the album, including " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " ca n't stop ", " dosed ", and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before being canceled soon after landfall.
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
intertitles can help historians imagine what the film may have been like and provide information about the scene or scene context.
because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity equality now joss wheldon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel.
the sat reasoning test formerly was a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, a medieval musical form, was born out of civil unrest in northern Italy.
some reports claim that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off the side of an animal.
the term " protein " was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
the gang lay low for 16 months, evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963, an extension was added to the current station, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st.george and bloor streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert.
The portage trail led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
after google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release, it was made available on their official site as well.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
the book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the ipo again in 1994, performing in China and India.
In 1805, Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon at Ulm, taking him over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the loser.
It has long been the economic center of northern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
most south Indian people speak one of the five dravidian languages, Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors, including being named the Best Meteorological Service in the World by the International Meteorological Organization.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard Sherman and Robert Sherman wrote most of the songs in the "richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman" songwriting partnership.
according to legend, in the 5th century Slavs started moving into the area.
Facilities were constructed on campus in 1900-1920, including the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name, arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancient Greeks to part of Lake Van.
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show.
the show aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be used in less stringent environments.
Gymnasia hired the first famed Colombian Trainer, Francisco Maturana, and then,Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
Additionally, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl" by john oates and " just lose it" by eminem.
on June 24 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
during vaginal birth, the vagina can stretch to many times its normal diameter.
his real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to have taken place between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process by half.
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern, portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg and vaud.
he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher, to Anne Power.
edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists during an interview, lamenting the fact that not many people knew about him.
modes of vibration are distinguished by their appearances: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
