The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, an Afro-Arab militia group, are the main sides in the armed conflict.
Jeddah serves as the gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city which Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud.
His next work is about a successful neurosurgeon's eventful day, called "Saturday".
The tarantula, a trickster character, pulled a black cord attached to a ball as he crawled East with all his strength.
Six weeks later, on 13 January 888, he died there.
They share the same culture as the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has been awarded the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The dancers follow the drummers and often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes very little sound, with more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft contains two elements, the NASA Cassini Orbiter and the ESA Huygens Probe, both named after famous astronomers.
Sandro Mazzola, born 8 November 1942, is an Italian former footballer.
People believed the collision filled the smaller craters with debris.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a BA in Anthropology.
The bzö differs from the Freedom Party as it supports a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty, but opposes EU withdrawal.
By the end of the 19th century, many species had vanished due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan appears as a white powder in its pure form.
Gaining admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
NRC is now an independent private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
Sports Illustrated named him "Sportsman of the Year" in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to have come from the same source as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated with yellow.
Both names were merged into the national museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore emulated many styles, such as craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada's west coast, and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in PBS's "Great Performances at the White House" series in 1988.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship when Saturn pinned Eddie Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Voyager 2 probe discovered Despina in late July 1989.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He wrote two collections of short stories, called "the ribbajack & other curious yarns" and "seven strange and ghostly tales".
Voyager 2 images showed Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British chose to remove him and take the land by force.
Towns on the Eyre Highway in South-East Western Australia do not follow WA time.
Colored and iridescent shells have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asked Ratchet to find Captain Qwark to help stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It is not a louse.
He promotes using a user-centered design process and works to make interaction design more popular.
The other editors and administrator that reported and blocked you may be part of a conspiracy against someone from another part of the world.
Working group i evaluates climate system and climate change.
The Hebrides form an island chain, separated from the Scottish mainland and inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, Little Minch and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter, Alanna Marie, on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased and caused the storm to weaken on September 30.
Each entry has a datum, which is a copy of the data from the backing store.
Both men and women must follow guidelines when attending a mosque.
Brian Jacques published the fantasy novel Mariel of Redwall in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, plays professional rugby for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
It consists of four reports, three from its working groups, like previous assessment reports.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp used during Queen Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia, also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis, is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis by colonizing and reproducing in the small intestine.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films "Left Behind: The Movie", "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force", and "Left Behind: World at War", playing the character Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula river, which was later called "Prussia Proper".
After graduating, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble for heavy drinking and immoderate behavior with Chichester cathedral authorities.
Many celebrities have been featured in episodes, including Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from Voyager 1's orbit around Jupiter on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted the Spanish radio show, Gomaespuma.
The band's website announced the official release date of the Resistance on 16 June 2009.
He is part of a boyband called 183 club.
Hippolytus attested the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
In return, Rollo swore an oath to Charles, converted to Christianity and defended northern France from other Viking groups.
It originates from Voice of America Special English.
Shirley Temple, a 10-year-old child actress, presented Disney with a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones.
A spacecraft discovered the first asteroid.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Switzerland's canton of Graubünden.
It is now known as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
Consumer confusion results when 1 mb is referenced as 1,048,576 bytes instead of 1 mib.
Numerous reports discussed the ethics of the incident.
They are castrated to make the animal docile or gain weight quickly.
Seventh sons have magical abilities and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
Passmark software showed the 2009 version had a 52 second installation time, a 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Italy's Tuscany region.
Recently, it was found that itch and pain have similar features, but also have notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, which aids in catching ants and termites.
The tram derailed again at Starr Gate Loop during trials on 30 May 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson stand outside the ground, honoring the former Ipswich Town and England managers.
Find the square root of the variance.
Volunteers offered food, blankets, water, toys, massages and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in Pays-de-la-Loire, France.
If land use controls are not enforced, the bypass may become congested like the local streets it was meant to avoid.
People can use it to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can be painful, but not dangerous.
No one connected with wikipedia is responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their vision is poor.
Chitin is the only biological material that rivals them in toughness.
Oregano is essential for Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and with an oyster card.
He produced and published his works himself, while his woodcuts were usually commissioned.
Historians use the historical method to research and write history.
the heavy weight of the continental icecap is thought to increase the oxygen concentration in lake vostok.
The population was 89,148 in 2000.
aliteracy is the inability to be interested in reading despite the ability to read.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid pharmaceutical.
After eating, it will sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust and/or care about.
Landis' father supports his son and is a big fan of Floyd.
After reaching category 4 status, the hurricane's outer convection became ragged.
The wage is the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor.
They believed the grounds were haunted, so they wrote a book about their adventure in 1911, using the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London and spent most of his time teaching.
Brunstad has fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
11,000 troops were left to guard the conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi merged with the Church's temporal rule and the Legation of Perugia and, in 1860, with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th without convection and caused flooding in Brazil before dissipating the following day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995.
The band has flynn on vocals and guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar and dave mcclain on drums.
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters.
Johan was the original bassist of Hammerfall, but left before they released an album.
Culver won the 1998 Iowa secretary of state election.
Mark Messier won the Hart trophy by two votes in 1990, with one first-place vote.
Shade's impulsiveness leads to the destruction of his colony's home and forces them to migrate, separating him from them.
the female equivalent is a daughter.
In April 1999, he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm arrived.
the competitors play speed chess and have 12 minutes total for the game.
The Amazon Basin is the area of South America that the Amazon River and its tributaries flow through.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre.
Damage extended along the Atlantic coast and inland to West Virginia.
Metaphorically, these computers are compared to zombies because their owners tend to be unaware.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression near Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts, the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, were likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They cannot fully participate until they reach adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but subversion snapshots can often be used.
In 1482, the order sent him to Florence, his destiny.
The Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks in the Soviet years.
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the Church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey showed this in the Miller-Urey experiment in 1953.
Cogeneration, or CHP, is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and useful heat at the same time.
The den master sometimes allows a second male into the den, but the reason is unknown.
Wikipedia gadgets are snippets of javascript and/or CSS that can be enabled in the user's preferences.
Here are some links to help you get involved.
He was Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind when the nicoleños moved to the mainland, with varying explanations.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he served as an organist until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said he wouldn't accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture as their own, even if never adopted internationally.
The dry air around the cyclone eroded the deep convection on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Adolf Hitler's longtime companion and, briefly, wife before her death in 1945.
A unique version number is given for each license.
Users don't need to register an account to use IRC, but they must set a nickname first.
In the same year, he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event taking place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as bald with long whiskers, said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, which allows them to change color in different environments.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match and retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This philosophy is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one task well and working together through universal interfaces.
His mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale, thus he came from a musical family.
Mennonites live in 51 countries on six continents, with the largest populations in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States.
naas is a major town, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes protruding from its neck and shoulder area along the spine.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and Consolidation Bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife.
you may add passages of up to five and 25 words as front and back cover texts to the modified version.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bones contain flexible tissue called bone marrow.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue due to scattering blue light more efficiently than red light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in Southern France.
Macgruber tries to find objects to defuse the bomb, but he is distracted by his personal life and runs out of time.
Yvonne Loriod finished the orchestration of the final movement with advice from George Benjamin after Messiaen died.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
The pad demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, as they were seen as proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires a reliable four-wheel drive vehicle and advance planning.
Kahn's chief architect was the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself to leave for rehearsal and he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop music was influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s and emerged in the early 1990s.
The xi international brigade absorbed this.
The Sheppard Line has fewer users and shorter trains than the other two subway lines.
With a capacity of 98,772, it is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored as a Righteous Among the Nations by Israel.
Some articles are long and contain a lot of content, while others are short and lower quality.
Currently, 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
People often use "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the power of government branches to allocate resources to serve society.
He composed several pieces about Hiawatha, including The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Vorkapich taught a style of film-making called kinesthetic film principles, which was used to create Gumbasia.
MK Sun idolized Brandon Waise Lee and grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China searched for gold along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Pocket calculators replaced it as the most common calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and thinner design.
Yoghurt is made by fermenting milk.
75 defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame, more than any other position, and only 35 goaltenders.
Other views on the subject have been proposed over time, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and become narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations due to his frequent discussion of his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened more Canadian outlets than McDonald's and had more system-wide sales in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky planned to write the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the nation were stopped.
During the 1850s and 1860s, Offenbach's operettas like Orpheus in the Underworld and La Belle Hélène were popular worldwide.
Roof tiles with this symbol from the Tang Dynasty were found west of Xian, formerly known as Chang'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue from February 13, 1921 to November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
Radar observations show it is mostly iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business magazine covering railways, metros, light rail, and trams.
He was given the honour of being a companion in 1988.
Loèche has installations of Onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder containing matches and having a striking surface on the outside.
She objected to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's trilogy is a three-volume English-language manga series about his time between being taken by twolegs and returning to ThunderClan.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves, and many immigrants who had been peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during her childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argued that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for preserving species such as Leadbeater's possum, which require nest boxes.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Canada.
Inductors can be built on integrated circuits with the same processes as transistors.
Rathke first assigned the term gribble to the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum from Norway in 1799.
Injuries caused by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma.
The county's administration was held in Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple axel in competition.
The port Jackson district commandant could communicate with military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
People who enter a mosque, even without the intention of praying, must still follow the rules.
It is described as pointed in the face and rabbit-sized.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work it can do in comparison to the resources used.
The Volga contains some of the world's largest reservoirs.
the crosier symbolises the region's monasteries.
Human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from Shorebank and the Ford Foundation helped Yunus officially incorporate a community development bank in Chicago.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but hadn't determined the details yet.
At the end of the regular season, hockey writers vote for the all-star team.
Afghanistan is bordered by Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Bomis, Inc. founded Nupedia on March 9, 2000.
The design has key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana and plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
pont-bellanger and beaumesnil are other nearby settlements.
In 1964, Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model.
In 1938 39, a fourth ring decorated with golden garlands was added when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration and issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli painted the Primavera in 1482.
Sydney is New South Wales' largest city and capital.
The most common polymer used is epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester and nylon, are also used.
the brand of the magazine still exists as a digital television channel, radio station, and website.
At four-and-a-half, he was left alone on the streets of northern Italy, living in orphanages and roaming with other homeless children for the next four years.
During the 1980s and 1990s, stands were added behind each set of goals as the ground was modernised.
a town may be described as a market town even if it no longer holds a market, as long as it still has the right to do so.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Olav Haraldsson was killed in the Battle of Stiklestad on July 29 in Norway.
Some suggest the NKVD removed Tresca in revenge for his criticism of the Soviet Union's Stalin regime.
Montenegro and Serbia both became independent countries.
Use html and css markup only when necessary.
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in England's London Borough of Croydon.
Constituent can also refer to citizens living in an area governed, represented, or served by a politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a Senior Fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone made a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while travelling on Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published a book the following year, titled "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin composed Opus 57 as a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been caused by psychological issues rather than physical ones.
The historian claimed quinine enabled colonists to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies showed a stony surface composition with hydrated minerals and silicates.
She edited her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury has a similar appearance to the moon, with its heavily cratered regions and smooth plains, and has no natural satellites or atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
these provide ideal habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena Dynasty, the Turkish and Afghan governors of the Delhi Sultanate ruled Dhaka before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The prime minister remains in office only if they have the support of the lower house.
Harry's bravery is shown by retrieving Cedric's corpse, demonstrating selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and two other RAF members were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They created new music manchester, dedicated to modern music.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys due to a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
Meher Baba's Samadhi tomb-shrine is located there, providing facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorse species have been recorded.
Saint Martin is located in the northeast Caribbean, near Puerto Rico.
these pdfs containing images cannot be distributed without further manipulation.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger.
On October 5, heavy rain caused localized flooding in parts of Britain.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB where the user can save their configuration and data.
The distribution of seats in the federal assembly was proportional to the parties' strength, with the FDP receiving 2 seats, CVP receiving 2 seats, SP receiving 2 seats, and SVP receiving 1 seat.
A fee is the price paid for services, such as the honorarium paid to a doctor or lawyer.
Ohio State has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, while Scotland was able to repel a Norse invasion and make a favorable peace agreement.
The album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking" as singles.
In April 2000, Minix became open source software, but it was no longer leading in capabilities and was mostly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white and may have dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southward as Jose intensified, before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marine pilots and commanders used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during combat.
The latter offered audiences information like intertitles, helping historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance expansion.
He escaped Sydney Cove multiple times before being fatally shot in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
The press agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's standard before the second game began.
Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back" in a video for Equality Now.
Marvel comics publishes comic books with fictional characters called mutants.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants, came from civil unrest in northern Italy.
some reports suggest that certain factors increase the chance of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to be transported to Australia for seven years.
Charles was searching for love when he met Sebastian, and found an "enclosed and enchanted garden".
Her friendship with Grigori Rasputin was also important in her life.
Anatomical structures are referred to as dorsal if they are located on or grow from that side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed all proteins had the same formula and were likely made of a single large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in France's Calvados department.
The color of it ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963 an extension was added to Union Station, curving north to near Bloor Street before ending at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert.
The portage trail led west through the mountains to Unalakleet and was located in the area.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia, sudden cardiac death, or both.
Mesoamerica's largest sub-region, it included a variety of landscapes from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic early and featured it on Google Books and their blog, providing an explanation.
The college requires registration for pedigree and official proofs before alterations can be made.
Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited classroom use.
He toured with the IPO in 1990 and 1994, performing in the Soviet Union, China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrendered his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm, resulting in 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties for the losers.
Northern Nigeria has long relied on it as an economic centre, producing and exporting groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
The band earned multiple awards and honors for meteora.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus.
Winchester is in Scott County, Illinois.
Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from the proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, that was applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen to appear on the TV show from 16,421 participants in the national casting.
Episodes of the show aired on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the device can then be used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but neither succeeded.
Brighton is in Washington County, Iowa in the United States.
She also appeared in music videos such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24 1979, Glinde became a town to celebrate the village's 750th anniversary.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 in 2006, this time as "Mario's friend".
The vagina can stretch many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
The exact date of his birth is unknown, but he is believed to have been born between 1935 and 1939.
A quantitative measure indicates how much of a substance is needed to reduce a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are located in the Bernese Oberland region, but they also stretch into other cantons.
He had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, with Ann E Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as one of his favorite artists, unaware of how few people knew of him.
The string can vibrate differently, like a guitar string, and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination portraying Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
