one side of the armed conflicts in southwest africa is composed mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in south africa .
jeddah is the leading gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which is able to be visited by able-bodied muslims at least once in their lifetime.
the large dark spot on neptune is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck that is the cause of the great dark spot .
his next work is Saturday , which follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , crawling away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on 13 January 888 .
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are the dancers, who often play the sogo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more simplistic — even basic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer Giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a b in anthropology .
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in some ways, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals had disappeared by the end of the 19th century , with the arrival of European settlers .
wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987
dextromethorphan is a white powder that may be used as a medication .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
nrc is now an independent, private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the Baltic Sea, near the city of stralsund .
he was honored with the 1982 " sportsman of the year " award by sports illustrated .
fives is a sport that is believed to come from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow ribbon
both the names were retired in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless, Tagore imitated many styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of Canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein.
on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john f. Kennedy proposed the idea of creating a peace corps on the steps of Michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn withTerri neidhart defeated eddie guerrero withChyna 8:10 to win the wwf european championship .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe from images taken by the probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appears as a elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the british decided to take the land by force after the french refused to give it to them .
some of the towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don't follow the official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architecture, which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities in the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and Rolling Hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not really a live fly .
he advocates applying a user-focused design process in product development cycles and also strives towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
they might be part of a conspiracy against someone they've never even met in person who they're trying to get to .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of climate change and climate change mitigation .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a date a nugget of data which is a copy of the date in some backing store .
as a result, although many mosques may not enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian Jacques, published in 1991
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like the previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports - three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris ; and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of queen victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie, left behind ii : tribulation force, and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River, later sometimes called " prussia " .
after graduation he returned to yerevan and taught at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew (including - and the gospel of luke - specifically)
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and unchecked behavior .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the spacecraft voyager 1 taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009, the release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called183club.
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , affirms the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is a type of voice of america  voa special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the boho switzerland in the czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 megabytes is referenced as 1 million bytes instead of 1 megabyte .
the incident has been the subject of many reports in the area of ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be easier to control or may put on more weight quickly.
seventh sons have strong " abilities " that specific magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extremely rare and powerful.
benchmarking done by Passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town located in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically, until recently, it was believed that itch and pain were two separate things that happened independently of each other until it was found that they have many similarities .
the tongue is slippery because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at star gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson both former Ipswich town and England managers outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers came to the stadium to provide food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those in attendance .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls in place, buildings may be built along the bypass , converting it into an ordinary road and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people who want to explore cooktown cape YORK Peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises often don't hurt as much as they might seem , but can still be dangerous if they're not treated correctly .
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric Handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
chitin is a tough, biological material that is rivaled by cash as the strongest material in the world in terms of toughness
oregano is an essential ingredient in the greek cuisine .
tickets can be bought for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on the oyster card .
these works he created and published himself while his larger woodcuts were most often commissioned by others .
the historical method involves using primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being unable to read but being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a medication .
it will then slip and sink back down to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and / or care about
today, father has become a big supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became tornadic .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book and an adventure 1911, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
he settled in London,devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that was in operation from 1952 to 1995 .
the current line-up of the band comprises flyingnn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east
the characters are foul-mouthed caricatures of their earlier characters Pete and Dud .
johan was the original bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for Iowa secretary of state and was successful .
in 1990, mark messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defied that law and caused a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
a daughter is a close female relation
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is a chess game played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes to play the entire game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was inflicted along the eastern seaboard and up to central new york .
because the owner is usually unaware of what is happening on the computer screens , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of Haiti on September 13 .
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century Eschborn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the building also resembles the coat of arms of the former district ofoberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of ice crystals, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of 18 .
development stable releases happen more often, but there are often snapshots which are enough to use
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment bystanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also includes the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the " den master " may also allow a second male into the den; the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking the checkbox next to it in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some links that may help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the Nicoles were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed and initially indicated that he may not accept the award .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto never becomes an official language of the united nations or any other international organization .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an American author .
eva anna paula braun, died on 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a different numbering system .
most IRC servers do not require users to register a username but they will need to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certified airplane mechanic in New York .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe, which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long beard , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have a chromatic response - changing color in different environments - either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental championship at 14:10 by hitting him with a television camera .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs that work together over universal interfaces .
he was born from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father,Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
mennonites make up the largest population of anyone in any country other than canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in tight-knit communities all over the world in at least 51 countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , and along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add up to five words as a front-cover text, and up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , Illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones that helps the body make blood .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune located in the vaucluse département in southern France , in the area of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
macgruber starts asking for simple things to make something to disarm the bomb but gets diverted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was largely completed when messiaen died and yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with the advice of George Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra, samak sundaravej, and somchai wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin.
however travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a four-wheel drive vehicle , usually a truck
while at Kahn he was Chief Architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave
britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was added into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer customers than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous people among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles may be quite lengthy and rich in content while others might be shorter  possibly stubs  with less detail .
about 95 species of animals are currently accepted as part of the trade .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for moving picture are often heard in english .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of law, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to distribute resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a type of dairy product that is made by the bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries by both mainstream christian bodies and by other denominations , but all were rejected by the church's mainstem.
the album was banned from many store nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in late 2004 by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain Caleb Holt Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is considered an old fossil .
in 1990, she was the only female artist allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests throughout the nation were quashed .
offenbach 's numerous operas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux february 13, 1921 november 11, 1968 was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue .
by most accounts, the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition in the object
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide .
he was made a Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbors the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small, cardboard folder with a quantity of matches and a coarse striking surface on the exterior that is used to hold matches
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use by pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed to never give up the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84, syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis.
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer , an Australian national university professor, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term Gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , Limnoria lignorum , by the french scientist Pierre-Simon Laplace in 1799 .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are the most common kind of wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor .
however, even to those who don't plan on praying at a mosque , there are still rules that still apply .
it is said that the bow is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do compared to how much time and resources it spends .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found in the volga river .
the crosser symbolises the monasteries of the region
human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial still hadn't been determined .
representatives from the professional hockey writers ' association vote on the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and the People's Republic of China to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 by bomis, inc., a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes are a unique feature of the design and allow for a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 inJwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c. 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often a plastic , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , can also be used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built on the eastern approaches later .
events on july 29 – the battle of stiklestad in Norway – involved the german army and the police .
others have suggested that tresca was eliminated as a punishment for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this caused both Montenegro and Serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css for formatting only when necessary and with good reason .
schuschnigg immediately said that the reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the south west London borough of croydon , England .
depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is someone who resides in or represents the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a senior fellow at the institute of european history in Mainz, and a member of the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of using a tugboat to tow the " hovercraft " back to the set, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm that was attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of santa Clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book entitled microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a harder surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und haebert .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is a very roughened surface with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no significant atmosphere .
the town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these habitats provide excellent opportunities for the chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only able to stay in office for as long as they retain the support of the lower house .
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's body, he demonstrates his selfless concern and compassion.
jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt on june 1, 1972 .
together they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of mahatma Gandhi 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and also facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
mia meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition in 2005 .
salem is a city located in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean about 300 km from Puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain them .
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of the uk on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flooding waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer that enables the user to create a live usb , where their configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties' respective strengths in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : the free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , the social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and the swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the amount paid for services, especially the honorarium given to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state's library system includes twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
in other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from a medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes, it is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the body .
the britannica was a Scottish enterprise, represented by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was widened to include southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter let historians feel what the film may have been like by providing information about the scene or scene as it actually happened .
that is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comics published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in the north of italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports suggest that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a key factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to the structures that are either on the left or the right side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius, after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for sixteen months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune located in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the east side of the station , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. George and Bloor streets .
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail that led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it included a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and an explanation was given for the early release .
anyone can register their pedigree with the college where they are carefully checked internally and require official documents before being altered .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but was not widely adopted in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union , with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in China and India .
the austrian general mack Surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm on 18 april 1813 , resulting in the capitulation of the austrian army and the capture of over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for many years and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
south indians , who make up about 60% of the population of india , speak five of the six dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .
meteora won multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, the Slavs started to move into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a building for the medical sciences, a large hospital, and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in scott county, illinois , in the united states .
name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of lake vann .
out of 16,421 participants who were in the national casting for the show, she was chosen among the 15 finalists to appear .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and Italian coach Julio César Falcioni but both had limited success .
brighton is a town in washington county , Iowa , and is the seat of its county .
moreover, she made an appearance in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter.
pauline returned to the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's ally ."
the vagina is incredibly elastic and can stretch to many times its normal size during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth is unknown but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibitor is needed to inactivate a given biological process or component of a process by half
although the name suggests they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of bern , some of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there she had one daughter - later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power - to Ann E. Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this talented artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different type of particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
