one side of the armed conflicts in sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , the holiest city in Islam , which is required of able-bodied Muslims at least once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is called saturday and it follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , quickly attaching it to the ball , crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later on january 888 .
the people of the islands are culturally similar to the people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 the kate greenaway medal has also been awarded the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and have more elaborate choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola  was born on 8 november 1942 in italy .
it was thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs a bit from the freedom party , as they are in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many animals had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century because of the influx of europeans .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
Dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs in its pure form.
admission to tsinghua university is extremely competitive .
today nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and encloses the city of stralsund
he was also named 1982 sportsman of the year by sports illustrated .
five is a British sport that is believed to have originated from racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol 's birthday throughout thailand everything will be decorated in yellow .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nonetheless , he emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from various parts of northern ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada  and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of union state university in michigan .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in a series of great performances at the white house .
perry Saturn  with terri Perry  defeated eddie Guerrero  with Chyna  to win the wwf european championship  8:10 Perry Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an elongated object pointing towards uranus
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force in 1857 .
some towns in the south-east corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlay designs , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , the famous superhero , in an effort to stop him .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design more popular .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against you that started halfway across the world
working group i : assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , which are separated from the mainland by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations that are overseen by the minor planet center .
by early on september 30 wind shear had increased and a weakening trend had started .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result, some mosques do not enforce dress codes, but women must still adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser  was born on 10 july 1988 in bristol , uk to a professional rugby union player and his wife .
like previous assessment reports it consists of four reports from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first league .
giardia lamblia  is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis .
apart from this he has also often worked in christian-themed productions , such as the post-rapture films left behind ii : tribulation force and left behind : world at war , in which he played cameron " buck " williams
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river which later became known as prussia proper .
after graduating from university he returned to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra
the story of christmas is based on the biblical account of matthew in which christ was born to a virgin and was betrayed and crucified .
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and bad behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott on images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser
on 16 june 2009 , the Resistance was finally released on the band's website .
he is also a member of another boyband called 183 club .
according to the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , early christian agape feasts would often include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for this , rolo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity ; he was also given the job of defending the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is a radio station that is derived from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney received an oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden in Switzerland .
it is now the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic
this causes consumer confusion when referring to 220 1,048,576 bytes as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of multiple reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may become more docile or may put on more weight .
seventh sons have special "knacks"  which manifest in unique ways and seventh sons of seventh sons are extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's fast install time of 52 seconds , fast scan time of 32 seconds , and low memory usage at 7 MB .
volterra is a small town in tuscany , Italy
historically , itch and pain have not been considered to be completely separate until recently where it was found that itch shares several features with pain but exhibits notable differences .
because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous , the tongue is sticky and can catch ants and termites .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town managers and england , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , water , toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a small commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along the bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore the cooktown peninsula and the atherton tableland
bruises can cause pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the people who made this wiki , the people who contribute to it , the sponsors who helped it , or the people who administrate it can be held responsible for what you do with the information on these pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george elector of hanover  who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is essential in greek cuisine .
tickets for national rail services , the docklands light railway and oyster card can be bought online or at the station .
these are the works he produced and published himself , whilst his woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is made up of the techniques and guidelines historians use to use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 people .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will eat its food and then sink back to the river bed so that it can digest it .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it is someone that they know , trust , and care about .
today , landis ' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after reaching category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is what the employer pays the worker .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book in 1911 under the pseudonym elizabeth morison .
he settled in london and started teaching .
brunstad has a few fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered territory .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thereafter its history is intertwined with the states of the church and italy .
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection . It dissipated the next day over brazil where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation .
the characters in the show are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist for hammerfall , but he quit before the band ever released their first studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart by a wide margin , taking it over ray bourque by a single vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law that's important to the colony he lives in , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of their home and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter or granddaughter .
he was diagnosed with an inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
chess is a game that is played with a board and pieces that are moved on the board according to a set of rules .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
on september 13 the wave traveled across the atlantic and formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti .
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between AD 65 and 100. See also the gospel according to the Hebrews.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the shield also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are made of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age .
development releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable enough to be used .
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to Florence , the city he was always destined to go to .
in the Soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan  in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 1518 in Madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley miller and harold urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on rare occasions a den master will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that you can enable by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to get you involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again in 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind , and explanations for this vary . Some say she was left behind because she was sick, while others say the church didn't want her to be separated from her family.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he might not accept it .
later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown around it as the ultimate goal , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the international community .
the dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author of novels .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will need to set a nickname before being connected.
in the same year he also received a mechanic certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
Summerslam 2009  is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment  WWE , which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually depicted as a bald man with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , which means they change color depending on their environment .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father was a band director at yale .
the largest population of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states .
naas is a major Dublin suburb with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis armor consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area along the spine .
Origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission are usually started in the house of lords .
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts on the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue that is found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southeastern France .
macgruber starts asking for simple things to make something to defuse the bomb , but he gets distracted by something usually involving his personal life and runs out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with the help of george benjamin .
shi'ites consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat because they were supposedly proxies for thaksin .
to travel through very remote areas you need to plan your trip well and have a vehicle that can handle the terrain .
while he was at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself and dr. schön leaves for rehearsal .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this became absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and trains are shorter .
it has a capacity of 98,772 people making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and have a lot of content while others are shorter and may be just stubs .
about 95 species are currently accepted as being species .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ."
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are heard often in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to the best interests of its citizens .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state of aracaju is the most populated city .
despite being paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade , farrenc was still a high-ranking officer .
gumbasia was created in a kinesthetic style taught by vorkapich called film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located in cowra in the central west of new south wales in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian military on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from all over the United States and Europe were also digging in the Peel River and the surrounding mountains .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , scientists and engineers used it the most commonly to calculate .
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout history , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because stern was talking about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio too much .
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain Caleb Holt  Kirk Cameron  is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia and strictly follows cardinal rule of all firefighters " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on march 2 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil that is considered to be extremely rare .
in 1990 she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
in 1913 stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet orchestration .
protests throughout the nation were quickly suppressed .
operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 1921 november 11 1968  was a french organist pianist composer and pedagogue .
by most accounts the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest extant church in the city of assisi .
the characteristics of radar observations indicate that the metal is fairly pure iron-nickel in composition .
railway gazette international is a business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbour holds the installations for onyx , a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small, thin, cardboard folder with a cover that encloses matches and a rough, striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs in pregnant women
definitely , she vowed never to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
over the course of three volumes there is a manga series following graystripe , between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , 84 many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also a famous artist for his prints paintings , book covers and posters .
during her childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, canada.
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits the same way transistors are made .
the term gribble was originally used to describe the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
when someone is attacked with a club , they generally suffer from blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596
no skater has yet managed to complete a quadruple axel in a competition .
from the telephone exchange the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
even if you're not intending to pray , there are still rules that apply when you enter a mosque's prayer hall .
It is a small, pointed object that is about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do in comparison to how much time and resources it uses .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region .
human skin can have a range of colors from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank  in chicago helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation
bremer claimed they were going to put saddam on trial but they had not yet decided on the details .
representatives from the professional hockey writers' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan all border Afghanistan to the north , Iran to the west , Pakistan to the south and China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 2000 by bomis inc , a web portal company .
the design of the chip includes a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve  was born on 19th of February 1987 in jwaneng , botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed independently by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was decorated with golden garlands in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter, sandro botticelli, circa 1482.
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine survived as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station and website .
at four-and-a-half he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years and lived in various orphanages and roving through towns with other homeless children .
stands were eventually built behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town can be correctly described as a market town even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to have one still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
Events in Europe on July 29 — the battle of Stiklestad  Norway : King Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the fight .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated because of his criticism of the Stalin regime of the soviet union .
this led to montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when there is a good reason for it .
schuschnigg responded publicly that there had been no riots .
addiscombe is a suburban area of london , england .
depending on the context , a constituent can mean either a citizen who resides in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of filming the scene on a stationary set , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 and has since continued with other games .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a short piece for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical .
a historian said that " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown that the surface has hydrated minerals and silicates which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she was the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon in appearance : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and lacks any natural satellites .
Holly Springs is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich .
these forests provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka passed through the hands of turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister only stays in office as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and by retrieving cedric 's corpse he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 1972 he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group who are committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , flooding many homes and businesses .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored to its original condition .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in international competition .
salem is the capital of essex county in massachusetts and one of the oldest cities in the United States .
forty-nine different pipefish and nine different seahorses have been recorded in the aquarium
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean .
because these pdfs contain images , they can not be distributed without further manipulation .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a usb live system , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the honorarium a doctor , lawyer , consultant or other member of a learned profession .
Ohio State 's library system encompasses 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus .
in other developments , scotland accepted the overlordship of norway and iceland accepted the overlordship of greenland but norway was unable to invade scotland and negotiate a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " " the zephyr song " " ca n't stop " " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software and under a permissive free software licence but it had been surpassed by other operating systems by this time and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color is a mixture of medium brown and gold-ish . Occasionally it is marked with dark brown spots especially on the limbs .
the britannica was originally an english enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of england .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards when jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune published an article alleging that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the intertitles that accompanied the films in the latter part of the nineteenth century provided audiences with information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the films may have been like.
because real estate , businesses and other assets in third world underground economies can not be used as collateral to get capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before he was shot and killed in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to the usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that fray is coming back soon .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in northern italy led to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants
some reports claim that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her death .
the term dorsal refers to the anatomical structures that are situated towards or grow off the upper side of an animal .
the term "protein" was coined by berzelius after he observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid the gang went into hiding for 16 months .
barneville-la-bertran is a small commune in northwestern france located in the calvados department .
color can be from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to connect union station with queen 's Park and St. George 's west of Bloor Street .
before 1980 the central australian line passed through the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it spanned a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their website .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully inspected and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but didn't gain much traction in classrooms until much later .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 for their first-ever performances in the soviet union .
The Napoleonic Wars : Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of Napoleon at ulm , reaping over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages - kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned the band a lot of awards and honors .
after a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and his brother robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area that is now poland .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in scott county in the state of illinois in the united states.
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of the 16,421 people who participated in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 2005 .
the latter is a more versatile device that can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
Gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana, but he had limited success.
brighton is a large city in washington county , ia .
furthermore , she starred in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 , glinde received its town charter .
pauline re-appeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 .
the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
his date of birth was never recorded but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular substance inhibitor is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , the borders of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter with ann e power  later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about him .
the string can vibrate in many different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
