the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a militia from the northern rizeigat region of sudan , are the two sides of the sudanese civil war .
jeddah is the main way to go to mecca , the most important city to muslims , which they must visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a gap in the clouds of neptune .
his next book , saturday , follows a hectic day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster , spun a black cord and pulled it eastward with all his might .
then , he passed away six weeks later on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the people from papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also received the colin mears award which is worth £ 5000 .
after the drummers come the dancers , who usually play the sogo drum and have more complicated and very active movements .
cassini and huygens are the two main parts of the spacecraft , named after astronomers giovanni domenico cassini and christiaan huygens respectively .
alessandro mazzola , born on 8 november 1942 , is a retired italian footballer .
people believed that the debris created by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology .
however , the bzö is slightly different than the freedom party , as they support a referendum on the lisbon treaty but oppose a withdrawal from the eu .
many species disappeared during european settlement in the 1800s .
in 1987 , wexler was inducted in the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder when it is pure .
it is very hard to get accepted at tsinghua university .
now nrc is a private and separate foundation .
the baltic sea is located near the city of stralsund .
in 1982 , he was given the title of " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a sport from britain which is thought to have come from the same place as many other racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol's birthday will have thailand decorated in yellow colors to celebrate .
both names stopped being used in 2007 when the two museums combined to make the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore copied many styles , like carvings from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia and woodcuts from max pechstein .
john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on october 14 , 1960 at the michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in the great performances at the white house series in 1988 , which was broadcasted on pbs.
perry saturn and terri won the wwf european championship when saturn pinned eddie guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the us until 1927 and then she and her husband went back to france .
despina was found from the pictures from voyager 2 in july 1989 .
the first italian grand prix racing championship was held on the 4th of september 1921 in brescia .
he made two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated shape , with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british wanted to get rid of him and take the land by force .
certain towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not use the official time of western australia .
shell pieces have been used to make mosaics and inlays to decorate furniture and walls .
other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him locate the superhero captain qwark to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not actually a louse .
he promotes the use of a user-oriented design in product making and also attempts to make interaction design a well-known field .
it is possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a plan to hurt someone on the other side of the world who they have never met .
working group i looks into the scientific part of the climate system and climate change .
the islands form part of the hebrides archipelago and are separated from scotland and the inner hebrides by the choppy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a baby girl , alanna marie orton , on july 12 , 2008 .
the minor planet center , part of the iau , manages the number-name combinations of minor planets .
the wind shear increased dramatically by the morning of september 30 , causing the hurricane to become weaker .
each entry has a datum , which is the same data from a source of storage .
therefore , when people go to the mosque , they must follow the guidelines , even if they are not enforced .
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser , born in 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby .
just like the previous reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics and their grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .
the stamp was used for the rest of victoria's rule and there were a lot of them printed .
the international fight league was an american mma organization that claimed to be the world's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan that is the cause of giardiasis when it inhabits and reproduces in the small intestine.
cameron has also taken part in christian-themed films such as left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays the role of cameron " buck " williams .
the area east of the vistula river was called " prussia proper ".
after finishing school , he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and was then made the director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is written in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities due to his drinking and bad behaviour .
so far , people like vic reeves , nancy sorrell , and lee ryan have been part of the celebrity episodes .
stephen p. synnott found it in pictures taken by the voyager 1 space probe during its orbit around jupiter on march 5 , 1979 .
gomaespuma was a radio show in spain with juan luis cano and guillermo fesser as the hosts .
on 16 june 2009 , the day for the release of the resistance was announced on the band's website .
he is also in the boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition shows that hallel psalms were sung in early christian agape feasts with alleluia as the refrain .
rollo agreed to be loyal to charles , changed to christianity , and promised to defend the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voa special english .
disney was given a large oscar statuette and seven small ones by 10-year-old shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is now known as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb , it causes confusion for consumers .
many reports have been written concerning ethics in scholarship because of the incident .
they are castrated to make the animal more relaxed or to gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special magical powers , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking found that the 2009 version takes 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and 7 mb of memory .
volterra is a town in italy's tuscany region .
before recently , itch and pain were not thought of as two separate sensations , but now they are known to have some similarities and differences .
the tongue has a sticky coating of glycoprotein-rich mucous which helps it move in and out of the snout and also captures ants and termites .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 while being tested before .
there are statues of both sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , who used to be the ipswich town and england managers , outside the stadium .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , kids' toys , massages , and a rock band concert for the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a place in sarthe , france .
if there are no controls on land use , the bypass may end up being just like any ordinary town road with buildings built along it and lots of traffic congestion .
cooktown is a place to visit for those who want to explore cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are usually not harmful .
no one connected with wikipedia is responsible for how you use the information found on its pages .
george frideric handel was the kapellmeister of george , elector of hanover who later became george i of britain .
their eyes are small and they have bad vision .
chitin is the only biological material that is tougher than them .
oregano is used a lot in greek cooking .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and via oyster card .
he himself produced and published his own works , while the larger woodcuts were mostly paid-for projects .
the historical method is the way that historians use sources and evidence to do research and write history .
the heavy weight of the continental icecap over lake vostok is believed to be the cause of the high oxygen levels .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the ability to read but with no interest in reading .
mifepristone is a steroid used in medicine .
it will move away and drop to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
also , studies have found that children are less likely to report a crime if it was done by someone they know , trust , and care about .
now , landis's father is one of his biggest fans and supports his son .
after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer edges of the storm became messy .
the balance price for a specific kind of labor is the wage .
they believed the place was haunted , so they published a book called 'an adventure' in 1911 , using the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and mainly focused on teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 soldiers to stay in the newly conquered region .
in 1438 , trevi became controlled by the church as a part of the legation of perugia , and afterward its history was connected with the states of the church until 1860 when it joined the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and ended the next day in brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the nycha police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the band now consists of flynn , duce , phil demmel , and dave mcclain .
non-muslim majority countries are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic engagement than muslim-majority countries of the middle east .
the characters are like pete and dud , but with more swearing .
johan was the bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before they released an album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
mark messier won the hart trophy in 1990 , only two votes ahead of ray bourque due to one extra first-place vote .
shade breaks the law , which leads to the destruction of his colony's home and the forced migration of them , causing him to be split from them .
the female is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with terminal cancer in his abdomen .
before the storm arrived , the national park service shut down the visitor centers and campgrounds located on the outer banks .
the chess played is speed chess, with each person having 12 minutes for the game.
the amazon basin is an area of south america drained by the amazon river .
the two ex-presidents were later charged with treason and mutiny for their actions in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
damage from the hurricane reached as far as west virginia along the atlantic coast .
these computers are compared to zombies because the owner is usually not aware of them .
the wave went across the atlantic and made a tropical depression near haiti on september 13 .
the associated press's stylebook is changed every year .
the four canonical gospels are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
eschelbronn is famous for its furniture production industry since the late 1800s .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the old oberbarnim district .
the clouds on neptune are different from the clouds on earth , as they are made up of frozen methane instead of ice .
they can not be part of it until they turn 18 .
new stable versions are not made often , but there are often versions from subversion that can be used safely .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the 'city of his destiny'.
two of rostov's famous buildings, st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan, were destroyed by the soviet bolsheviks in the 1900s.
he died in 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in their 1953 experiment .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both electricity and heat at the same time .
the male den master sometimes allows a second male into the den , though the unknown reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a code snippet that can be activated by checking a box in your wikipedia settings .
here are some helpful links to get you started .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left when the rest of the nicoleños were moved and the reasons for this are not clear .
james i chose him to be a gentleman of the chapel royal and he worked as an organist from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed and said he may not accept his award .
later , esperanto speakers began to think of the language and the culture around it as important by themselves , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern edge of the cyclone destroyed the deep convection by the 12th of september .
calvin baker is a novelist from the us .
eva braun was the long-term companion and then wife of adolf hitler from 6 february 1912 to 30 april 1945 .
each license has a different number .
users don't need an account to join an irc server but they must set a nickname .
the same year , he got a mechanics certificate , and became the youngest certified airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is a pro wrestling pay-per-view event made by wwe and will be held in los angeles , california on august 23 , 2009 .
he is generally shown as bald with long whiskers , and is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color due to chromatophores in their skin , like the ermine and the snowshoe hare , or the cephalopod family .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi and kept the wwf intercontinental championship after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is much like the unix philosophy of having individual programs do one thing well and working together through universal connections .
his family was very musical ; his mother larue was an assistant and singer and his father keith was a band leader at yale university .
mennonites have the biggest population in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they are also in other countries on six continents.
naas is a populated town near dublin , with many of its inhabitants working in the city .
acanthopholis had oval plates in its skin and spikes on its neck and shoulders .
irmo was created on christmas eve 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
in contrast , bills created by the law commission , and bills that combine other laws , start in the house of lords .
before his last release in 1474 , vlad stayed with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital as he planned to regain control of wallachia .
you can add a phrase of 5 words for the front cover and 25 words for the back cover to the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue located inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light , which is the same process that leads to blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a town in the vaucluse region of southern france .
macgruber looks for things to make a device to defuse the bomb , but he is often distracted by his personal life and runs out of time .
messiaen had almost completed the piece when he died , and yvonne loriod finished the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their most important cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad wanted the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to leave because they were only representing thaksin .
but , to go in very remote regions , on roads that are not very popular , one needs to plan and have a good , reliable vehicle , which is usually a four wheel drive .
he was the head architect for the fisher building in 1928 when at kahn .
he excuses himself and leaves with dr schön for rehearsal .
britpop was created in the early 1990s and was inspired by the pop music of the 1960s and 1970s from the UK .
the battalions for xi international brigade took in this group .
fewer people use the sheppard line than the other two subway lines and the trains are shorter .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and 11th largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored by the state of israel as one of the "righteous among the nations" .
some articles are very long and detailed while others are short and not as good .
there are 95 accepted species .
eugowra is believed to be named after an aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand goes down the hill " .
terms like " undies " and " movie " are used often in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government .
he wrote several other works about hiawatha such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha's leaving .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
yet , farrenc was paid less than other male musicians for almost ten years .
gumbasia was made with the kinesthetic film principles taught by vorkapich .
mk sun was inspired to become a lawyer because of brandon waise lee .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a town located close to cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia .
donaldson joined the australian army in 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china dug along the peel river and up the mountain sides .
before the pocket calculator was invented , the slide rule was the main tool used in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page refreshing , text-to-speech , and is thinner than before .
yoghurt is made by bacteria fermentation of milk .
there are more defence players in the hall of fame than any other position at the moment , with 75 , while only 35 goaltenders have been chosen .
some other ideas about this topic have been suggested throughout history , but none were accepted by mainstream christian groups .
the album was not allowed to be sold in several stores.
the legs are wider at the top and narrower at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman removed howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations because of his talks about moving to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened more canadian outlets than mcdonald's and their system-wide sales surpassed mcdonald's canadian operations by 2002.
the movie follows captain caleb holt (kirk cameron) who is a firefighter in albany, Georgia and follows the main rule of all firemen which is "never leave your partner behind".
he was chosen as president in the election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only woman who could perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky started to write the ballet in 1913 .
demonstrations across the country were put down .
offenbach was famous for his operettas , like orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , in the 1850s and 1860s in both france and english-speaking countries .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol were found near xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french musician , composer and teacher who lived from 1921 to 1968 .
the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar readings show that it is mainly iron and nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly magazine that talks about railway , metro , light rail , and tram businesses around the world .
he was made a ch in 1988 .
loèche contains the set up of onyx , the swiss electronic intelligence system .
a matchbook is a folder that holds matches and has a striking surface on the outside.
she was one of the first doctors to disagree with smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she promised to never leave the commune and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
the oel manga series graystripe's trilogy follows the character graystripe between his capture by twolegs in "Dawn" and his return to ThunderClan in "The Sight".
the syrians did not stay together in cities ; many of the immigrants who had been peddlers were able to talk with americans daily .
he was known for his art prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .
as a child she had collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia numerous times , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer argued that the need of nest boxes suggests that logging is not sustainable for species like leadbeater's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a hockey team located in montreal , canada .
small inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same methods as transistors are made .
the word gribble was first given to wood-boring species , mainly limnoria lignorum that was discovered in norway in 1799 .
wounds caused by clubs are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county's government was done in duns or lauder until greenlaw was the county town in 1596 .
no one has done a quadruple axel in a competition .
the port jackson district commandant could talk to all military sites on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
but , even for those who go inside the mosque for reasons other than praying , there are still rules that must be followed .
the animal is described as having a pointed face and being the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is judged based on how much work it can do compared to the time and supplies used .
the volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier stands for the monasteries in the area .
human skin can range from dark to light in color .
bankers from shorebank , a chicago community development bank , assisted yunus in the incorporation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be tried , but the details were not decided yet .
the professional hockey writers' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the season .
afghanistan has four neighbors : tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan and the people's republic of china .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , and was owned by bomis , inc. , a web portal company .
the design has key-based s-boxes and an intricate key schedule .
iain grieve , born on 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana , is a back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other villages near pont-bellanger and beaumesnil exist .
murray gell-mann and george zweig made the quark model in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938-1939 and was decorated with golden garlands when the column was moved to its current place .
west berlin had its own postal system and it issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli from the early 1400s .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
epoxy is the most common type of polymer used , but polyester , vinyl ester and nylon can also be used .
the brand of the magazine still exists in digital television , radio station , and website .
at four and a half years old , he was left alone on the streets of italy and lived in orphanages and with groups of homeless children for four years .
stands were built behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s to modernize the ground .
even if it does not have a market anymore , a town can still be called a market town if it has the right to do so .
a stronghold was built later to the east .
on july 29 , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals in the battle of stiklestad , norway , and was killed .
some have believed that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for his remarks against the stalin government in the soviet union .
this made montenegro and serbia both become independent countries .
use html and css markup only if needed .
schuschnigg said that reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in croydon , england .
constituent can also mean a citizen of an area that is represented by a politician , usually meaning one that voted for them .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone made a cameo in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a rider .
the cast made a trailer connected to a hovercraft-like vehicle to shoot the scene while going on templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory in the year after .
the wario land series is a platforming series which began with the spin-off of the super mario land series , wario land : super mario land 3 .
chopin's opus 57 is a piano piece called a berceuse .
the attacks may have come from psychological causes and not physical ones .
a historian said that because of quinine , colonists were able to move to the gold coast , nigeria , and other parts of west africa .
in addition , spectroscopic studies reveal hydrated minerals and silicates , which point to a stony surface .
she was the main editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is full of craters and has no moons or atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zurich .
these areas offer a great home for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals came in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in power as long as they have the support of the lower house .
rowling thinks this scene is important since it shows harry 's bravery, and him getting cedric's body shows kindness and thoughtfulness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members were found after a long fight in frankfurt .
they came together to make new music manchester , a group focused on modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys , due to a storm surge of 18-20 feet high .
it is now the place of meher baba's tomb-shrine and there are facilities for the pilgrims .
the dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner landed the triple axel jump in a national competition , becoming the second american woman to do it .
salem is a city in massachusetts , usa .
there are forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorses .
saint martin is a tropical island near puerto rico in the caribbean .
thus , these pdfs can't be shared without any changes if they include pictures .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested for being part of a robbery, which was commanded by police inspector sir frederick pottinger and done with frank gardiner .
there was heavy rain on october 5 in some areas of britain , leading to flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer that creates a live usb , with the option to save the user's settings and data .
the seats were divided according to each party's power in the federal assembly , with the free democratic party  fdp  having 2 seats , the christian democratic people 's party  cvp  having 2 seats , the social democratic party  sp  having 2 seats , and the swiss people 's party  svp  having 1 seat .
a fee is the money you pay for services, especially to a professional like a doctor or lawyer.
ohio state has 21 libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland agreed to be under norway while scotland defended itself and made a good agreement with norway .
the songs from the album include " by the way ", " the zephyr song "," ca n't stop "," dosed " and " universally speaking ".
in 2000 , minix was made free and open source software with a permissive license , however other operating systems had surpassed its features , so it mainly became an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color of the animal can be medium brown , gold-ish , beige-white , and sometimes it has dark brown spots , mainly on the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish business , as seen through its thistle logo , which is the flower of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended further south as jose strengthened , and was canceled shortly after it hit land on the 23rd .
in august 2003 , it was reported by the san diego union tribune that american marine pilots and their commanders had used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of the war .
the later gave viewers the same information that is now given in subtitles and helps historians think about how the movie could have been .
this is because the assets of the underground economies in the third world can not be used to get money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he tried to escape sydney cove multiple times before he was killed in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and asked for it to be given up .
the press thought that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not as good as veeck 's other promotions before the second game started .
joss whedon confirmed in a video that " fray will still be coming back ".
mutants are characters in marvel comic books .
the sat reasoning test is a test for college admissions in the us .
in northern italy , civil unrest caused the creation of the geisslerlieder , a style of music sung by flagellants .
some reports say that there are several things that increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to be sent to australia for seven years .
waugh says that when charles met sebastian , he had been looking for love and that it was like finding a secret garden .
her close friendship with grigori rasputin was also a big part of her life .
the word dorsal refers to structures that are located or grow from the back of an animal .
berzelius was the one who came up with the word "protein" , when he noticed that all proteins had the same composition and were made up of one big molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang avoided capture for 16 months .
barneville-la-bertran is a town in calvados , france .
the colors range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 a part of the line was extended , going north from union station and across university avenue and queen 's park to bloor street , and then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
in 1980 , the commonwealth railways had a line passing through the western side of the simpson desert .
the town is situated on an old route that went through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy may be in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
mesoamerica is the biggest sub-region and it has a lot of different terrains , from the sierra madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
afterwards , google put the comic on google books and its website and also mentioned it on its blog with a description of why it was released early .
everyone can register a family tree with the college, and it needs to be examined and have official documents before it can be changed.
the book ' political economy ' was released in 1985 , but it wasn't used in many classrooms .
in 1990 , he went with the ipo for their first performance ever in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad and again in 1994 for performances in china and india .
in the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon at ulm , taking 30,000 prisoners and losing 10,000 of his own men .
for many years , northern nigeria's main economic center has been kano , which produces and exports groundnuts.
many people in south india speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , or tulu .
meteora got the band many awards and honors .
after a pause , the wwf cavalry charged kane and jericho .
most of the songs in the album were written by the sherman brothers .
in the 5th century slavs began to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus, such as those for dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry , natural sciences, an auditorium, a hospital, a library, and two dorms.
winchester is a city in illinois , usa .
the name arzashkun is an armenian name ending in -ka derived from the name arsene , which was the ancient name for part of lake van .
from 16,421 people in the casting , she was one of the 15 chosen to be on the tv show .
its episodes were on the air on the abc network from 1993 to 2005 .
this device can then be used in easier environments .
gimnasia first recruited colombian coach francisco maturana and then julio césar falcioni , with little success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she was present in music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
glinde got its town charter on the 750th anniversary of the village in 1979 .
pauline was featured in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but is now known as " mario's friend ".
the vagina is able to stretch very wide during childbirth .
it is thought that his real birthday is somewhere between 1935 and 1939 , but it has never been recorded .
this measure shows the amount of a substance needed to stop a biological process , like an enzyme , cell , receptor or microorganism , by half .
the bernese alps are not only located in the bernese oberland of bern, but also in cantons such as valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg, and vaud.
he had a daughter with ann power , who was later named mary ann fisher power .
edward gorey said in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , sadly noting that not many people knew about them .
just like a guitar string that can produce different sounds , the string can vibrate in different modes and each one will appear as a different particle .
gable was nominated for an oscar when he acted as fletcher christian in the movie mutiny on the bounty from 1935 .
