one side in the armed conflicts in south Sudan is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in south Sudan.
jeddah is the most important gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which is able to be visited by able-bodied Muslims.
The great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work is Saturday, following an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
There he died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are culturally similar to the people of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award, which is worth £5000.
following the drummers are dancers, who often play the sogo drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni domenico Cassini, and the esa huygens probe named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939-1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against an EU-withdrawal.
many species of animals vanished after European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
in its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is incredibly competitive.
NRC is now an independent, private foundation.
It's located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, and encloses the city of Stralsund.
1982 " sportsman of the year " was named by sports Illustrated.
fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow colors.
both the names of the defunct companies, FLASH and Scotland's Museum of Art, were merged into the national museum of Scotland in 2007.
notwithstanding, tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern Ontario, Haida Carvings from the West Coast of Canada, and Woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of creating the Peace Corps.
she was a part of the 1988 's great performances by president Reagan at the White House series.
perry saturn with terri  defeated eddie guerrero  with chyna  to win the wwf european championship  8:10  saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on September 4, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appear as an elongated object with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia don't follow Australian Western Standard Time.
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank fears that drek will destroy the galaxy and asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
It's not actually a real louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also strives to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone who you've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the sea of the Hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008.
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center.
By September 30th, wind shear had dramatically increased and a weakening trend was starting.
Each entry has a datum and a nugget of data which is a copy of the datum in a backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce laws against wearing shorts inside, both men and women must wear shorts when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like the assessment reports from the working groups , it consists of four reports
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris-Sud, and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted chemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts  mma promotion billed as the world's first mma league.
giardia lamblia is synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them left behind: the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck " williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called " Prussia ."
After graduating from college, he returned to Armenia and taught at the local conservatory and later became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew, namely - and the Gospel of Luke, specifically - .
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
so far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Grayson, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
it was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
he is also a member of another boyband, 183
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to protect the northern region of France from Viking invasions.
It is derived from the voice of America, VoA, and special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to them by 10-year-old Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden .
It continues to be the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
When 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb instead of 1 mib, consumers are confused.
The event has been the subject of numerous reports in the field of ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be less aggressive or may put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both incredibly rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which adhere to it.
The same tram derailed on May 30, 2006 at the Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground. Both former IPSWICH Town and England managers.
The square root of the variance is .
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built on the bypass and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown, cape York Peninsula, and the atherton tableland.
Bruises often don't hurt, but they can cause pain.
You cannot use information from these web pages without the explicit written permission of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia.
George Frideric Handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
They have small eyes and poor vision.
They are considered as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and on a Oyster card.
These works he produced and published himself, whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned by others.
The historical method involves using primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration
as of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the state of not being able to read, but being interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then swim back to the river bed and digest its food, wait for its next meal, and then return to the water.
moreover, research has shown children are less likely to report crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, cares about.
today, Landis' father has become a robust supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after reaching category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane began to fray.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings as a book in an adventure, 1911, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee shop, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia and thenceforth its history merged with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was an law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band consists of Flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and Dave McCallion drums.
advocacy countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than those with a majority Muslim population that is in the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed depictions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but he quit before they ever released a studio album.
in 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote.
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he decides to defy that law and inadvertently starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm.
The form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
moderate to severe damage was extended up the Atlantic coast and as far inland as west virginia.
because the owner is ignorant, computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke, and gospel of john, probably written between 65 and 100.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The coat of arms of the former Oberbarnim district looks like the upper half of the former district's coat of arms.
unlike the clouds on Earth, neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they attain legal adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare, but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the Florentine captain Giovanni da Verrazzano sailed to Florence, the “city of his destiny.”
in the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's most important landmarks- St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito de Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harald C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration  also combines heat and power to generate electricity and heat.
on occasions one of the " den masters " may also allow a second male into the den; this is unknown why.
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Below are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945-1946 and from 1946-1948.
There are different explanations for why Nicole was left behind when the rest of her family was moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it.
later Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
calvin baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Braun hitler, 6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a distinguishing version number.
most IRC servers don't require users to register, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
That same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at staples center in Los Angeles, California.
usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southwestern polestar
Some animals have chromatic response; changing color in different environments, such as seasons or with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis won the wwf intercontinental championship in a steel cage match 14:10 by defeating Rikishi in a match that took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He was born from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United States, but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries.
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with many people living in and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin, and spikes that came out of the neck and shoulder area.
origin irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
in the years leading up to his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried at the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the interior of bones.
Reflecting nebulae are usually blue because blue light scattering is more efficient than red light. This is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in the south of France, in the area of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life or professional life that makes him run out of time.
This was almost complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The government of Thaksin Shinawatra was resigned, while Samak Sundaravej was impeached, and Somchai Wongsawat was dismissed.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
Kahn was chief architect for the fisher building from 1928 to 1933.
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the battalions being formed for the xi international brigade.
The sheppard line has less users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It has a capacity of 98,772 and is eleventh largest in the world.
in December, 1967, ten boom was honored by the state of Israel as one of the righteous among the nations.
Some articles may be quite long but have less content than others. They might also be stubs or of lesser quality.
about 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to be named after the Australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " movie " are often-heard words in english.
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , Overture to the Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha 's departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly 10 years.
gumbasia was created in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to become a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on June 18, 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also searching for gold and silver in the area.
before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
TheKindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four stations, citing stern's frequent discussions about his impending move to Sirius satellite radio .
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March" , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
He is the captain of the fire department in Albany, Georgia and he strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind ".
He won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a fossil.
in 1990 she was the only woman allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were quashed.
offenbach's numerous operettas such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Xi'an.
January 13, 1921 – November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts, the instrument was difficult to use .
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
loèche is home to the installations of onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder with a quantity of matches and a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
defiantly, she vowed not to leave the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy, there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
Samovar & Porter, 1994, p. 84. Syrians did not congregate in urban areas; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with American on a daily basis.
he was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university argue that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are the wounds inflicted by a club.
thenceforward, the administration of the county was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition.
The telephone exchange in the port jackson district was the commandant for all military installations on the harbour.
however, even to the person who enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It has a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work a computer system can do compared to the amount of time and resources it takes.
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found in the Volga River.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Fordfoundation.
bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
At the end of the regular season, representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote on the all-star team.
The tajikistan, turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south, and the people's republic of china to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc. a web portal company.
Some notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany's postal administration that issued its own stamps until 1990.
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
new south wales' largest city and capital is Sydney.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but otherpolymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used.
The name still survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were added in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't have a market.
. A bastion was later built on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, 2004, there was an event in Europe called the Battle of Stiklestad. He lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated tresca in retaliation for criticisms of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use html and CSS markup sparingly and with good reason.
schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were not true.
Addiscombe is an area in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is someone who lives or works in the area directly governed or represented by a politician; this can be restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is part of the institute of european history in Mainz, and a fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
instead of a traditional trailer, the crew fashioned a cantilevered arm attachment to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps and et al.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that starts with wario land : super Mario land 3. A spin-off of the super Mario land series.
Frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a keyboard piece for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical.
A historian has said that quinine's efficacy gave colonists new opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa.
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which indicates a harder surface composition.
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel.
Mercury is strikingly similar in appearance to the Moon - it is cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites, and has a very thin atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent hiding places for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office as long as they keep the support of the lower house.
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's body, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
They were apprehended on June 1, 1972, after a shootout in Frankfurt.
together they formed Manchester new music, a group committed to contemporary music.
The intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
It is now the site of Mahatma Gandhi's samadhi as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored.
in 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea. It is about 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico.
because these pdfs contain images, they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of Inspector Frederick Pottinger on the orders of police. He was part of an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5th, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb with a user's configuration and personal data.
In approximate relation to their strength in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: the free Democratic Party (FDP) : 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) : 2 members, the Social Democratic Party (SP) : 2 members, and the Swiss People's Party (SVP) : 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays to receive services.
ohio state's library system includes 21 libraries on itsColumbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " can't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, MINIX became free software under a permissive free software licence, but it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color can vary from light brown to golden yellow to beige-white; and occasionally, it is marked with black spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise. It had a symbol, the thistle logo, and a floral emblem.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, before it was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that American Marine pilots and commanders had confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican guards during the initial stages of combat.
The latter helped audiences imagine the sort of information that would be provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
before the game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been up to Veeck's usual promotional standard.
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fight is not over yet ," " fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel.
The SAT reasoning test formerly known as the "Scholastic Aptitude Test" and the "Scholastic Assessment Test" is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
civil unrest in Northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
A few reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was sent to Australia for seven years.
Waugh writes that Charles had been searching for love in those days when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are located on the side of an animal.
The term " protein " was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins appeared to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the Jerilderie Raid, the gang lay low for 16 months. They were hiding from the police.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from yellow to orange.
in 1963 an extension was added to the east side of Union Station, below university avenue and queen's park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old path that led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden heart death or both.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied area, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on their site and mentioned it on their blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone may register with the college, where they are carefully externally audited and require official proofs before being changed.
The book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the ipo again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Napoleonic wars: Austrian general Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, reaping him over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic center of northeastern Nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages – Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors.
after a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
in the 5th century, Slavs started moving into this area.
from 1900-1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus. Including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a building for the natural sciences, a large hospital and library complex, and two residence halls.
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants who participated in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 finalists to appear on the show.
Its episodes were aired on the ABC network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less rigorous environments.
gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
moreover, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem.
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde was granted town status.
pauline made a return in the game boy remake of donkey Kong in 1994 and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. Although she is now referred to as "Mario's friend."
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half of a set amount .
Although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There she had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher, to Anne Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamenting the fact that not many people knew about or remembered him.
The string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
gable also won an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
