One side of the armed conflicts is composed of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed. This sudanese militia group is recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Mecca is the holiest city in Islam. Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 8, 888.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea share many of the same cultural traits as the people of Greece.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award to the value of £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers. These people often play the sogo, a tiny drum that makes almost no sound, and often have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
The spacecraft is composed of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was an Italian former football player. He was born on November 8th, 1942.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology.
The bzö, however, differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century. This was due to European settlement.
In 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive.
Today, the nrc is an independent, private foundation.
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
fives is a British sport believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports.
On King Bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand, decorations will be in the yellow color.
The two names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
Notwithstanding, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in 's Great Performances at the White House series, which aired on the public broadcasting service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship 8:10 Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix Motor Racing Championship took place on September 4th, 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At Voyager 2, images of Ophelia appear as an elongated object. The major axis points towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East corner of Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian Time.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays. These small pieces have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates for using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and is also working to make interaction design more mainstream.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain, which includes the Hebrides, is part of Scotland. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife, alanna marie orton, welcomed her on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
On September 30th, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry in the list has a datum, or a nugget of data, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10th, 1988 and is currently a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report, like its previous assessment reports, consists of four reports. Three of them are from its working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, was named after Pierre Curie, and is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, such as the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula river, later sometimes called "Prussia proper."
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of Matthew, namely - and the gospel of Luke, specifically -.
Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and indecent behavior.
So far, "Celebrity" episodes have featured Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, and Paul O'Grady.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16th, 2009, the Resistance was officially released on the band's website.
He is also a member of another jungiery boyband, 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian Agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is a derivative of Voice of America.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is in the bohemian Switzerland.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib.
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship.
They are castrated in order to make the animal more docile or to put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
Benchmarking conducted by passmark software has highlighted the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
volterra is a town in Italy.
Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other. However, it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This also lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
In 2006, the same tram derailed on 30 May at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays-de-la-loire region of northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass. This often turns the bypass into an ordinary town road, which can eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore the cooktown, cape york peninsula, and atherton tableland.
Bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
They have small eyes, and their vision is poor.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is an ingredient in greek cuisine.
Tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on oyster card.
While his woodcuts were mostly commissioned, many of his works he produced and published himself.
The historical method is the process by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sits on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read, but not being interested in it.
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical.
The fish will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and care about.
Today, Landis' father has become a fervent supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
The grounds were haunted, so they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church. Later, its history merged first with that of the states of the church, then with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th. It had no convection, so it dissipated the next day over Brazil. This caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals , guitar , duce bass , phil demmel guitar , and dave mcclain drums .
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than countries with a muslim majority population.
The characters in the book are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band, Hammerfall. However, before the band ever released a studio album, he quit.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes. The difference being a single first-place vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law. This causes a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Prior to the arrival of the storm, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess. Each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
After the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre, they were both sentenced to death.
The hurricane caused extensive damage along the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are metaphorically compared to zombies because the owner tends to be unaware.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13th.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John. These texts are probably written between AD 65 and 100. Additionally, there is the gospel according to the Hebrews.
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the logo also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane. Unlike the clouds on Earth, which are composed of crystals of ice.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to be used.
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
he died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain, and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
cogeneration is using a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
On occasion, the male "den master" will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option on your wikipedia preferences.
Below are some links to help you get started.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
She was left behind and explanations for this vary. When the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland, she was left behind.
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal. He served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
chauvin was initially embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he may not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Braun, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has its own version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In the same year, he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event taking place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, which means they change color in changing environments. Some, such as the ermine, change color more rapidly than others, such as the cephalopod family.
In a steel cage match, val venis defeated rikishi to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10. After tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera, venis pinned rikishi.
The Unix philosophy is based on the idea that multiple programs can work together to complete a task, and that these programs can communicate with each other over universal interfaces.
He was born into a musical family; his mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents.
naas is a major suburb of Dublin, with many people living in naas and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates that were almost horizontally set into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
Bills that start in the House of Lords are conversely bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills.
before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a paragraph of up to five words as a front-cover text and a paragraph of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is interred in the restvale cemetery in Illinois .
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune located in the vaucluse département of southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area.
macgruber starts to ask for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites, or Muslims who follow the Shi'ite branch of Islam, consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through very remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal. Dr. Schön leaves with him.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the Xi international brigade.
The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines. Additionally, trains on the sheppard line are shorter than trains on the other two subway lines.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people. It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
About 95 species are currently accepted.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
oft-heard terms in English include " undies " and " movie ".
Jurisdiction is drawn from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha. The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became his idol and Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is the historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian military on June 18th, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Prior to the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position. Meanwhile, only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
The album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern 's radio show from four Citadel stations. Stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio made him a target.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did in 2005, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. Additionally, system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and Captain Caleb Holt are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They abide by the cardinal rule of all firefighters: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008, with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests in different parts of the nation were stopped.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld, and La Belle Hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of Chang'an and modern-day Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demesseux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
According to most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore  is the largest church in Assisi. Saint Mary the Greater is the earliest extant church in Assisi.
Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is a harbour that harbors the installations of onyx, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small folder that contains matches and a cover. It has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women.
Vowing to never renounce the commune, she dared the judges to sentence her to death.
In the graystripe manga trilogy, there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
samovar & Porter 1994, p. 84 Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During her childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Australian National University's dr. David Lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Some small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor from the telephone exchange.
Regardless of whether or not someone enters the prayer hall of a mosque with the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as a pointed object that is about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is accomplished in a shorter amount of time with less resources.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
The crosier stands for the monasteries in the region.
Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported that he planned to put Saddam Hussein on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The professional hockey writers ' association votes for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000. It was later acquired by Bomis, Inc. in 2006.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-box and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19th, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is currently a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Pont-bellanger and Beaumesnil are two other nearby settlements.
The quark model was independently proposed by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938.
west Berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter, Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are also sometimes used.
The name ' survives as a brand for related digital channels, digital radio stations, and websites.
After four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. He lived in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
Goalposts were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized.
A town may be correctly described as a market town, or it may have market rights even if it no longer holds a market.
The bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
On July 29, 1202, in the Battle of Stiklestad, King Olav Haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed.
Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use markup sparingly and only with good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately responded that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon.
Depending on the context, a constituent can mean a citizen who resides in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of European history in Mainz, and a senior fellow of the center for European integration studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer by attaching a cantilevered arm to the "hovercraft." They shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book, microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al.
The wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3.
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
Attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical.
A historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface, which suggests a rocky composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel.
Mercury is similar to the moon in that it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains. It also has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These habitats provide excellent habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister is in office only as long as they retain the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
Together, they formed a new music group, Manchester, committed to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
meher baba 's samadhi is now the site of his tomb-shrine . Additionally, facilities and accommodations are available for pilgrims .
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely.
In 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 300 km 186 miles east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger in April of 1862 for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5. This led to localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb. This allows the user's configuration and personal data to be saved, if desired.
In relation to the parties' respective strengths in the Swiss Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: -The free democratic party, FDP: 2 members-The Christian democratic people's party, CVP: 2 members-The social democratic party, SP: 2 members-The Swiss people's party, SVP: 1 member.
A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services. It is also the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other news, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In April 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body's color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. It is also marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo. The floral emblem of Scotland, scotland, is also part of its history.
On September 22, a warning was issued for a storm that was expected to make landfall on September 23. However, the storm soon intensified, and the warning was then extended southwards. The warning was then canceled soon after landfall.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles were introduced in the latter part of the cinema era, and provided audiences with the type of information that would be found on the screen. This information can be helpful for historians who want to imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police camp to surrender.
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to the usual promotional standard.
In a recent video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that "Fray is not done, fray is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports state that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was transported to Australia for seven years.
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love " in those days when he first met sebastian . He found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , which informs the work on a number of levels.
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic, Grigori Rasputin, was also an important factor in her life.
The dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated on the side of an animal that grows off it.
The term " protein " was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months before evading capture.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern France.
The color range of orange to pale yellow covers a wide area.
In 1963, an extension was added, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains.
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is the largest sub-region in the Americas. It encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
google subsequently made the comic available on their site and mentioned it on their official blog.
Anyone may register with the college, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, "political economy," was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the ipo twice in the 1990s. The first time was in the spring of 1990 and they performed in Moscow and Leningrad. The second time was in 1994 and they performed in China and India.
After the Austrian general Mack surrendered his army to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm, Napoleon gained over 30,000 prisoners and inflicted 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has long been the economic center of northern Nigeria, and it is also a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages. These languages are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
After a brief standoff, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area.
In the early 1900s to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name arzashkun appears to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name arzash, which recalls the name arsene, arsissa, and applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from among the 16,421 participants in the national casting process to appear on the tv show.
Its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter is a more stringent environment.
Gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer, Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
moreover, she starred in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Sweden, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend".
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular substance or other measure needs to be taken to inhibit a given biological process or component by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the Canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann E. Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. Lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
