One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed of the Sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mainly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Mecca is the holiest city in Islam, and Muslims are required to visit it at least once in their lifetime.
The great dark spot on Neptune is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Colin Mears Award since 2000 has also been given the Kate Greenaway Medal worth £5000.
The dancers follow the drummers. They often play the sogo and have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942.
It was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Anthropology.
However, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party, as is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as Europeans settled in the area.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Tsinghua University is a very competitive school.
NRC is an independent , private foundation .
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast, near the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated.
Fives is a sport that originated in Britain.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand, people will decorate themselves with yellow on his birthday.
The national museum of scotland was founded in 2007 and both the name "Scotch Museum" and "National Museum of Scotland" became defunct.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 in his Great Performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship at 8:10. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
despina was discovered in late July 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories, the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales.
Ophelia's body appears as an elongated object from the Voyager 2 images taken in 1989.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East Corner of Western Australia do not follow Official Western Australian Time.
Shells have been used to create mosaics and inlays in architectural decoration, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek.
Lice are not actually true insects.
He advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
The working group assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain, which is part of the Hebrides, separates the Scottish mainland from the Inner Hebrides and the Stormy Waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton to their home on July 12, 2008.
Minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center.
On September 30th, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry in the database has a datum, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
As a result, women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque.
mariel of redwall is a book by brian jacques , published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Queen Victoria's reign, and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that causes giardiasis.
aside from this film, Cameron has also often worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This area was east of the mouth of the Vistula River.
After graduating from college, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
So far, ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gabby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance's official release date was announced on the band's website on June 16th, 2009.
He is also a member of another boyband, 183 Club.
The apostolic tradition says that at early Christian agape feasts, people would sing hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
Voice of America is a U.S. government funded international broadcaster.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland is still a popular tourist destination in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports on the ethics of scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal will be more docile or will put on weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have special "knacks" that give them magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software found that the 2009 version installed in 52 seconds, scanned in 32 seconds, and used 7mb of memory.
volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other. Recently, it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous.
The same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
The variance is the measure of how much the values of a set of data differ from one another.
Volunteers provided many things to those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built along a bypass, turning it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become congested.
Cooktown is a starting point for people wanting to explore the Cape York Peninsula and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises often cause pain, but they're not always dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, or vandals can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small, and they have poor vision.
They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is a key ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway, and on the oyster card.
Many of his works were published by himself and he typically only commissioned work for larger woodcuts.
The historical method is the process by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
The sheer weight of the continent sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
aliteracy is the ability to read but not be interested in doing so.
mifepristone is a drug that is used as a pharmaceutical.
The snake will eat its food and then sink back to the river bed to digest it.
Furthermore, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know, trust, and/or care about.
Today, landis ' father supports his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans.
After attaining category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage that will balance supply and demand.
The authors of a book about their experiences convinced that the grounds were haunted, so they published their findings under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
He settled in London, and devoted himself chiefly to teaching practical matters.
brunstad has a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of Perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then with the united kingdom of Italy.
A depression moved inland on the 20th, and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that operated from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is flynn vocals, guitar, duce bass, phil demmel guitar, and dave mcclain drums.
Countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation.
The characters are advanced versions of their earlier characters pete and dud.
johan was the bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier received the Hart Trophy by a margin of two votes.
Shade sets in motion the main plot of the novel when he impetuously defies that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
The female equivalent is a daughter
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April of 1999.
Before the arrival of the storm, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is a form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
the amazon basin is the part of south america where the amazon river and its tributaries flow.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Significant damage was caused up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean, and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13th.
For example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the gospel of Matthew, gospel of Mark, gospel of Luke, and gospel of John.
Sometime after the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn became well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach a certain age.
Stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence.
in the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's principal landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807.
Juan de Pareja de Sanabria, also known as Juan de Pareja, died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The miller-urey experiment demonstrated this.
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
The den master sometimes allows another male into the den; the reason for this is unknown.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences.
Some useful links are included below.
Gamal Abdel Nasser served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
Nicoleños who were left behind had different explanations for why this happened.
James I appointed him Gentleman of the Chapel Royal in 1615.
chauvin was initially reluctant to receive his award and indicated that he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as valuable in and of themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The dry air around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Braun, died Eva Braun, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most irc servers do not require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
In that same year, he also received a mechanics certificate.
Summerslam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals have chromatic response, which means they change color in different environments. The cephalopod family is an example of an animal that has chromatic response.
14:10 val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship. Venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
The Unix philosophy is to have multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces.
Keith Brion is from a musical family ; his mother , Larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , Keith Brion , was a band director at Yale .
Mennonites can be found in many countries around the world.
naas is a major city in Dublin, with many people living there and working in Dublin.
acanthopholis ' armour consisted of oval plates that were nearly horizontal set into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia, newberry and laurens railroad.
Bills that start in the House of Lords are conversely called consolidation bills.
In the years before his final release in 1474, Vlad resided in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red light.
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern france .
macgruber is trying to defuse the bomb but gets distracted by something else.
This work was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ites regard Karbala as one of their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of the Thai government led by Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawi, charging them with being puppetmasters of Thaksin.
Traveling through very remote areas often requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle, such as a four wheel drive.
Kahn was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself and Dr. Schön leaves.
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for the International Brigade.
The sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
In December 1967, ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are long and in-depth, while others are shorter and may be of lesser quality.
There are about 95 accepted species of animals.
Eugowra is said to be named after the aboriginal Australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
Terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English.
Jurisdiction is based on public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of a particular society.
After following this with several other pieces about hiawatha , he wrote the book, The Death of Minnehaha, the Overture to the Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
gumbasia was created in a style that was taught by Vorkapich, called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon Waise Lee became a lawyer and Mk Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located in the Cabonne Shire near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from all over the United States, Europe, and China were digging for gold in the Peel River and the surrounding mountain slopes.
Prior to the advent of the pocket calculator, calculators were the most commonly used calculation tools in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position.
There are alternative views on the subject, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's did with its IPO in March 2005, and System-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Caleb Holt, Kirk Cameron, and other plot captains are firefighters in Albany, Georgia. They adhere to the cardinal rule of all firefighters, "never leave your partner behind."
He was the winner of the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Igor Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet The Rite of Spring in 1913.
Protests were suppressed nationwide.
Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld or La Belle Helene, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an (modern-day Xi'an).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was born on February 13, 1921 and died on November 11, 1968.
The instrument was difficult to play.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest extant church in Assisi.
The observations made with characteristics radar indicate that the metal has a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
railway gazette international is a business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed a companion of honour in 1988.
loèche is the site of the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small booklet that includes matches and a cover that makes it easy to light them.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking and drug use around children.
She defiantly vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight.
The samovar & porter  1994  book, p. 84, says that Syrians didn't congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
During her childhood she suffered from many health problems, including collapsed lungs and pneumonia.
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits.
The gribble is a type of wood-boring beetle.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are wounds inflicted by a club.
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
no skater has yet successfully completed a quadruple axel in a skating competition.
From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is described as being pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
computer performance is measured by how much work is accomplished in a given amount of time.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga.
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Shorebank bankers helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
The representatives of the professional hockey writers vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan are all border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc.
The notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987, in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil.
The quark model was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued stamps separately from west germany until 1990.
The primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, circa 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymer is a type of substance that is made from many small molecules.
The name of the magazine has been preserved as a brand for related digital platforms.
After being left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, Matteo was living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children at the age of four-and-a-half.
After the stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s, the ground began to be modernised.
A town is a market town or it has market rights even if it no longer holds a market.
A bastion was built later .
On July 29, 1030, in the Battle of Stiklestad, Olav Haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals and killed.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated tresca as punishment for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This event led to the independence of Montenegro and Serbia.
Use markup sparingly and only with good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately denied reports of riots.
addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Constituents are citizens who reside in the area governed by a politician.
prunk is a professor at the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3.
Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book, Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory, by Phelps et al.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3.
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano.
It is possible that these attacks were psychological in origin.
A historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa ".
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggest a rocky surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works.
Mercury is similar to the moon in appearance: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
These forests provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
The prime minister can stay in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
together, they formed new music manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
Hurricane Irma caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
The site of meher baba 's samadhi is now also a place of pilgrimage.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored.
in 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been identified.
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea , about 300 kilometers (186 miles) east of Puerto Rico .
Hence, these pdfs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April of 1862 for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell across England on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
The seats in the Federal Assembly were distributed as follows: The free democratic party, the Christian democratic people's party, the social democratic party, and the Swiss people's party each had two members.
a fee is a price one pays for services
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
In other news, Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
In 2000, Minix became free/open source software under a permissive free software licence. However, by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color of the rat varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , the rat is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
The britannica was a Scottish enterprise, with its thistle logo symbolizing that fact.
The warning issued on September 22 covered an area southwards as Jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In 2003, the San Diego Union-Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The intertitles provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by subtitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That is because the real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
The press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to standard for veeck 's usual promotional efforts.
In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now, Joss Whedon confirmed that " Fringe is not done, Fringe is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
The civil unrest that occurred in northern Italy spawned the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Reports state that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He was sentenced to transportation to Australia for seven years.
Charles Waugh writes that in 1814, when he first met Sebastian, he was " in search of love " and found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " which informed his work on a number of levels.
Her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to the anatomical structures located on the side of an animal.
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule.
After the jerilderie raid, the gang lay low for 16 months before they were finally captured.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
color is a range from orange to pale yellow.
The extension was added in 1963, curving north from Union Station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson Desert.
The city is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
Mesoamerica is a large region that includes a vast and varied landscape.
google made the comic available on its site and on google books early.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are required to provide official proofs before their pedigree can be altered.
The book , political economy , was published in 1985 but it was not well-received in the classroom.
He toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994.
The Napoleonic Wars were a series of wars fought by France from 1793 to 1815.
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria, and it is a center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages.
The meteora earned the band numerous awards and honors.
After a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs started to move into this area.
Between 1900 and 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show.
The show aired on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments.
gimnasia hired two famous colombian trainers, francisco maturana and julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she has appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by john oates and "just lose it" by eminem.
On June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village of Glinde, Germany, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006.
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
It is not known his real date of birth, but it is believed to be around 1935 to 1939.
A quantitative measure indicating how much of a particular drug or other substance inhibits a given biological process or component of a process by half.
Although the name suggests they are in the Bernese Oberland region, parts of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent Cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There he had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Powers.
Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists in an interview.
The string can vibrate in different modes and each mode emits a different particle.
gable was nominated for an academy award for his performance as fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
