One side of the armed conflicts in Sudan is composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, and Islam's holiest city, which is able to be visited by able-bodied Muslims only if they are able to afford to.
The dark spot on Neptune is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The Tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawling away quickly to the east.
He died six weeks later, on January 888.
They are culturally akin to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 since 2000.
The dancers follow the drummers, who often play the small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate and even acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter and the esa huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942, in Italy.
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA in anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
Today, the National Research Council was organized as an independent, private foundation.
The city of Stralsund is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Szczecin.
He was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color.
The two names were merged into the national museum of Scotland in 2007 when they were renamed the national museum of Scotland and the national museum of Scotland .
Even though Tagore emulation numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada, and woodcuts by max pechstein, he nonetheless followed many of the same patterns.
on October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House Series.
Perry Saturn won the European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero by pinfall after a diving elbow drop.
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
despina was discovered in late July, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He completed two collections of short stories, entitled the ribbajack and other curious yarns, and seven strange and ghostly tales.
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia appear as an elongated object, with the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the South-East Corner of Western Australia, between the South Australian Border almost as far as Cairuna, do not follow the Official Western Australian Time.
small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays, which have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills estates, and Rolling Hills.
clank asking ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek,
It is not actually a true louse.
He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
The working group assessed the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the little Minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna MarieOrton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center, a branch of the IAU.
early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a datum, a nugget of data, which is a copy of the datum in some backing store.
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women must adhere to these guidelines.
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, born 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
like previous assessments, the reports contain four reports, three of which are from Working Groups.
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot, who was named after pierre curie, is a noted biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign and vast quantities were printed.
The international fight league was an American Mixed Martial Arts promotion billed as the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind II: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck" williams.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River, later sometimes called " Prussia Proper."
He returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew .
Weelkes was later in trouble with the Chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Griffin, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 June 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of another boyband 183 club.
The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts.
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is based on the voice of America, which is a special English language.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
The first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft was .
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Switzerland continues to be the bohemian enclave in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports in regards to ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated so that the animal may be easier to handle or may gain more weight quickly.
Seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful.
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at the Starr gate loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and live rock band performances for those at the stadium.
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting it into an ordinary town road, and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid.
It is a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
bruises often cause pain, but are not typically dangerous.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover who eventually became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor.
They are considered rivalrous as biological materials only by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine
You can buy tickets for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on Oyster card.
These works were produced and published by him, whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work.
The historical method involves using primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
Some people find alliteracy intriguing, while others find it a little boring.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical.
It will then detach itself from the river bed and sink back down to digest its food.
moreover, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they trust, care about, and/or know.
today, landis' father has become a supportive supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after becoming category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage rate.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil.
The new York City Housing Authority Police Department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band includes Flynn, vocals, guitar,duce,bass,phil demmel, guitar, and Dave McCallion drums.
Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters, Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, but left before the band ever released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and was victorious.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of two votes.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defied that law, and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them.
A daughter is the equivalent of a complex sentence.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999
The national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the arrival of the storm.
Speed chess is a form of chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
Moderate to severe damage was inflicted along the Atlantic coast and inland to western Virginia .
Because the owner is unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually.
These four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john . They were probably written between 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
The upper half of the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim appears to be similar.
The clouds on Earth are made up of crystals of ice, but Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age .
Development releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the "city of his destiny."
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's principal landmarks--St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan, 1783-1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito D'Alcantara.
This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
This is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
The " den master " sometimes allows a second male into the den; this is unexplained.
A wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
Here are some useful links to help you get involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
TheNicoleño family was left behind when the rest of the Nicolenos were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
The deep convection was eroded by the dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Braun, died Eva Anna Braun, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each license has a different version number.
Most IRC servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
He received a mechanics certificate that year, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
This is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world Wrestling Entertainment, which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
Some animals in the cephalopod family have chromatic response, changing color in different environments, depending on the season.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the Intercontinental Championship.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He was born into a musical family; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites are found in various communities around the world, but their largest populations are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States.
Naas is a major "Dublin suburb" town, with many people living in Naas and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
The origin of irmo was chartered on Christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposing by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia, Vlad resided in his new wife's house in the Hungarian capital.
You may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text, to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
Blue light is scattered more effectively than red light, which is why we see blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse département in southern France, in the area of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiah died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'ite Muslims consider Karbala, Medina and Jerusalem to be among their holiest cities.
The pad called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
Kahn was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
Battalions being formed for thexi international brigade were absorbed into the original battalions being formed for the un mission.
The Sheppard Line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains are run.
The stadium has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
Ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations in December, 1967.
Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
95 species have been accepted as refugees.
The name of the Australian rainforest is said to be derived from the indigenous Australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
In english, terms such as " undies " and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard.
The jurisdiction of the world is drawn from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
He followed thisup with several other pieces about his discovery of the death of Hiawatha: the death of Minnehaha, the overture to the song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's departure.
The capital of Brazil is Brasília.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade
Gumbasia was created in a style called kinesthetic film principles.
The lawyer, Brandon Waise Lee, became his idol and MK Sun grew up to become a lawyer.
Cowra, a small town in central West Australia, is located near the historic township of Isbn 1-876429-14-3.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian army on 18 June 2002.
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Calculator usage before the advent of pocket calculators was common in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to .36 inches.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut the radio show of former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Howard Stern, from four citadel stations citing Stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons' IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal , December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and strictly follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote .
The plant is considered a relic that is still used today.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
orchestration Stravinsky conceived of the ballet in 1913 .
The protests throughout the nation were suppressed.
offenbach's numerous operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an.
Jean-Marie Madeleine Demessieux, February 13, 1921, November 11, 1968, was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
By most accounts, the instrument was very difficult to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore, the earliest extant church in Assisi, was built by Saint Mary of the Cross.
The observations suggest that the object is composed of a pure iron-nickel alloy.
The railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche is home to the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarettes being smoked around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a manga series following graystripe between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
The Russians did not allow the immigrants to congregate in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst during her childhood.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer, Australian National University, has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
the canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada.
The small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term Grumble was originally assigned to the Wood-Boring Species, especially the First Speciesdescribed from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria Lignorum.
Club injuries are generally known as blunt-force trauma injuries.
thereafter, the administration of the county was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
Skaters have yet to achieve a quadruple axel in competition.
The port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
However, even to those who enter the mosque without the intention of praying, there are still rules that apply.
The description of the object as being pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit is significant.
Computer performance is characterized by how much work is accomplished by a computer system compared to how long and resources are used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
The cross is a symbol of the monasteries in the region.
Human skin colors can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink.
bankers from Shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer plans to put Saddam on trial, but claims that the details of such a trial have not yet been determined.
The representatives of the professional hockey writers' association voted to put an all-star team together at the end of the regular season.
The three countries that border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, and China to the east all share a border with Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc.
notable features of the design include key-dependent boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, and is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
Before 1990, West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germanys.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales.
The polymer is most often a plastic, but other polymers, such as a polyester or vinyl ester, can also be used.
The name of the related digital TV channel, digital radio station, and website remains a brand, even after the demise of the printed magazine
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
The stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists.
After the Bastion was built, the eastern approaches became a bastion for the eu.
The events of July 29th, 2019, involved a battle between Norway's Viking King, Olav Haraldsson, and his pagan vassals, the Danes. Haraldsson was killed in the battle.
others have theorized that the death of tresca was retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
This resulted in Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only for good reasons.
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon, England.
Depending on the context, a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician can also mean someone who is a resident of the area.
Prunk is a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in Bonn and a member of the institute of european history in Mainz.
Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew fashioned a trailer with an attached cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
The work, Opus 57, is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological in origin, rather than physical
A historian has stated that quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, which suggests a stony surface composition.
She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel.
Mercury is similar in appearance to the moon: it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These ideal habitats provide excellent environments for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608.
the prime minister must maintain the support of the lower house in order to remain in office.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed a new music group in Manchester, which is committed to contemporary music.
The hurricane caused extensive damage in the upper Florida Keys as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet overwhelmed the region.
The site of Meher Baba's Samadhi is now also the site of facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church was restored entirely.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been reported .
Saint Martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
Because Russia blocked the transfer of the UN mission to the EU, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir Frederick Pottinger in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
Heavy rain fell across parts of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a live USB, where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired.
In approximate relation to the parties' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: the free democratic party, the christian democratic people's party, the social democratic party, and the swiss people's party.
A fee is the price one pays for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system includes 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included " by the way ", " the zephyr song ", " can't stop ", " dosed " and " universally speaking ".
In April 2000, Minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies depending on the light color and sometimes there are some dark brown spots.
the britannica was a Scottish enterprise, symbolized by its thistle logo, and the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards, before being canceled soon after landfall.
in August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that US Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
The film provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
That's because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to surrender.
before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to Veeck's usual promotional standard.
In a short video promoting the charity equality, Joss Whedon confirmed that "feir is not over,feir is coming back."
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
The SAT reasoning test and the Scholastic Assessment Test are standardized tests for college admissions in the United States.
Rumania banned the performance of geisslerlieder, a Medieval musical form, in northern Italy.
Some reports are reportedly indicating that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was for seven years transportation to Australia .
Waugh writes that Charles had been " searchin those days" when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a major factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
The term " protein " was coined by berzelius, after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule.
The jerilderie raid led to a period of 16 months of inactivity by the gang.
Barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
The colors range from orange to pale yellow.
in 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor Street, where it turned west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
In 1980, a section of the Commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert.
The portage trail leads west through the mountains to unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
The college allows anyone to register a pedigree with it, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
The book, political economy, was published in 1985, but was not adopted as a classroom text.
he toured with the ipho in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet Union, with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, and toured with the ipho again in 1994, performing in China and India.
After austrian general Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon at Ulm, Napoleon overcomes 30,000 prisoners and inflicts 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria for a long time and is a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of the south Indian people speak one of the five dravidian languages – Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
After a brief standoff, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Some of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
The Slavs began moving into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus between 1900 and 1920, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
The name Arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash , which recalls the name Arsene , Arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake Van .
She was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show.
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
The device can then be used in less stringent environments
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana, but he had limited success.
Brighton, Iowa, is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
on June 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of Glinde, Germany, received its town charter.
Pauline returned in the gameboy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as "Mario's friend."
Vaginal birth is a process in which the vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during the process.
It is believed that his real birthdate was never recorded, but it is believed that he may have been born in between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process by half.
although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter, baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann Power.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes, and every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable was also nominated for an academy award when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
