one side of the armed conflicts in sudan is composed mostly of the sudanese military and janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
jeddah is the most important city in Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which is able to be visited by able-bodied Muslims only once in their lifetime.
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is Saturday , following an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula, the Trickster Character, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, crawled away quickly to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888.
they are culturally similar to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award, which is worth £ 5000
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born 8 november 1942 .
it was thought that the large chunks of rubble that were thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he concluded his undergraduate studies .
however, the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU-withdrawal.
many species of animals had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century, with European settlement.
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder that occurs as a result of its pure form .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive
today, NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation.
stralsund is situated on the coast of the Baltic Sea , and it encloses the city of Stralsund .
he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports Illustrated .
fives is a British sport believed to have derived from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, king bhumibol was born on monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow flowers .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland.
notwithstanding, tagore emulation numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new zealand , haida carvings from the west coast of canada  british columbia  , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the peace corps on the steps of Michigan Union .
she performed for president Reagan in 1988 during his great performances at the White House series .
perry saturn, with terri, defeated eddie guerrero, with chyna, to win the wwf european championship at 8:10 on Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
she remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late July , 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious tales and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images ophelia appears as a long, elongated object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.
the british decided to take the land by force and eliminate him .
some towns in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time , and some do .
mosaics and inlays are used to decorate walls and furniture with colorful and iridescent shell .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy, clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark, in an effort to stop drek.
it is not a real louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also pushes for popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met in person.
working group i assesses scientific aspects of climate change .
the island chain forms part of the Hebrides , separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the little Minch and the sea of the Hebrides.
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iAU.
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data point a datum which is a copy of the data point in some backing store .
as a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques, published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 July 1988 is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership
like the past assessment reports, the reports consist of four reports .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris ; and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist
this stamp remains the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia, also called lamblia intestinalis or giardia duodenalis, is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
apart from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind II: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron " buck" williams.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula River , later sometimes called " Poland proper " .
after graduation, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the local conservatory. Later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
weelkes was later found guilty of breaking chichester cathedral authorities' rules for excessive drinking and bad behaviour .
so far, the ' celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregoire, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
stephen p.synnott discovered it when images from the Voyager 1 space probe were taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with all-out Amen as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
it is an american program that is based on the voice of America .
disney won a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
this leads to confusion when referring to 1,048,576 bytes as 1 megabyte instead of 1 million bytes
the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to the best methods for scholarship .
so that the animal may be less likely to fought or to gain too much weight .
seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are both very rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 MB memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
the tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous that both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites .
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at Starr Gate Loop during previous trials
there are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers, outside the ground.
take the square root of the variance to calculate the standard deviation
volunteers supplied food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France.
if there are no strong land use controls in the area , buildings will be built on the bypass , converting it into a regular road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cape YORK peninsula and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not dangerous .
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George, elector of Hanover, who eventually became George I of Great Britain
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine
tickets can be sold for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself - whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history.
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medication .
it will then try to dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
moreover, research has found that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows, trusts, and / or cares about.
landis ' father has become a strong supporter of his son and regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became jagged .
the equilibrium price for a particular type of labor is the wage The equilibrium price is the price at which an employer can find a worker who is willing to work for him at a given wage.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book, an adventure, under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morrison and Frances Lamont.
he settled in London, devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then 1860 with theunited kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
the new york city housing authority police department was an agency that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn on vocals, guitar, duce on bass, phil demmel on guitar, and dave mcclain on drums
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote religious participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed descendants of their earlier characters pete and dud.
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, Culver ran for Iowa secretary of state and was victorious
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes - the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impulsively defied that law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999 .
before the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
speed chess is played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage extended along the Atlantic coast and inland to West Virginia .
because the owner is unaware of the computers, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the Northern Coast of Haiti on September 13 .
the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry
the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim is similar to that of the upper half of the current district .
unlike the clouds on earth , however, which are made up of small crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the legal age of adulthood .
development stable releases are very rare, but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use.
finally, in 1482, the Order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny’
in the soviet years, the bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's major landmarks - Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908 and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
this was Demonstrated in the Miller-Urey Experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953
cogeneration is the combination of heat and power, chp is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion a second male may be allowed into the den ; this is unclear why
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948
she was left behind when the rest of the Nicoles were moved to the mainland .
James I appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as their own, even if Esperanto never becomes an international language
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula Braun, born 6 february 1912, died 30 april 1945, was the longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
each license has a different version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but they will have to set a nickname before being connected.
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling event produced by world wrestling entertainment, which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
usually portrayed as being bald and with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar
a few animals in the cephalopod family have chromatic response - changing color in changing environments - either seasonally or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument.
val venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf Intercontinental championship at 14:10. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a conductor at Yale.
mennonites are found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour was made up of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area .
origin isimo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords.
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to 5 words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the original version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in Alsip, Illinois
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside the hollow interior of bones
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets
monteux is a commune in the department of the Vaucluse in southern France .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when Maurice Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, who the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin.
however, travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle- usually a four-wheel drive.
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave.
britpop emerged from the independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten Boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter potentially stubs .
about 95 species have been accepted as of 2009 .
eugowra is said to be named after the aboriginal australian word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill."
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in English when referring to specific items .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of law, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
he followed up his earlier work about hiawatha with several other pieces, including an overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure.
the capital of the state is Aracaju, the largest city in Brazil.
despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gypsy woman was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee, son of mk sun, became his idol and became a lawyer
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also looking for valuable minerals and minerals up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
Yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries by various groups throughout history, but all were rejected by mainstream Christian organizations.
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
suleman made headlines in 2004 by cutting Howard Stern 's radio show from four stations , citing Stern 's often discussed plans to move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Horton's IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005; system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters, " never leave your partner behind ".
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil
in 1990, she was the only female performer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia .
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 while he was still working on orchestration for his opera " War and Peace ."
protests across the nation were quashed .
offenbach's many operas, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène, were very popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
roof tiles dating back to the Tang dynasty, with this symbol, have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an.
janine marie-madeleine demessieux was born 13 february 1921 and died 11 november 1968 .
by most accounts, the instrument was very difficult to control .
santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
radar observations indicate that the iron-nickel composition of the object is quite pure
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was honoured with a Companion of Honour in 1988
loèche has the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight, is a three-volume original english-language manga series.
syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints and book covers .
she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year and a tonsillar cyst during childhood .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, Quebec, Canada.
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term garble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799 , lacustris limnoria
blunt-force trauma injuries are inflicted by a club, most commonly with a baseball bat
thereafter, the administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever accomplished a quadruple axel in competition
from the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour
however, even people who don't intend to pray can still be subject to the rules of the mosque if they enter without having first made an appointment
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a mouse
computer performance is measured by the amount of work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga River .
the crosier is used as the symbol for the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford foundation .
bremer plans to put Saddam on trial , but claims that the details of such a trial haven't yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers' association vote to choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
The three countries bordering Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, and Pakistan to the south all border China to the east.
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 , by bomis, inc., a web portal company.
key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule are features of the design .
iain grieve was born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decked with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany's, which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often a resin , but other polymers , such as a polyester or vinyl ester , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel    and digital radio station    which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children.
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .
on 29 july , 1839 , the battle of stiklestad took place in Norway , when olav haraldsson was defeated by his pagan vassals .
others have theorized that the elimination of tresca was retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union
this led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css sparingly when it is necessary and for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely related meaning of constituent is someone who lives or is living in an area governed, represented, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician.
prunk is a member of the institute of european history inmainz and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies inBonn.
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of using a trailer to transport the scene, the crew fashioned a cantilevered arm attachment to their "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
the conference papers were published the next year in a book on the foundations of employment and inflation theory by Phelps et al.
wario land is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical
a historian has stated that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast, nigeria and other parts of west africa"
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface of the moon
she became the owner and editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .
the town lies in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich .
these areas provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608
the prime minister remains in office only as long as she or he retains the support of the lower house .
for rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music .
the intense hurricane caused damage in the upper Florida Keys as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet inundated the region .
it is now the site of Mihrabat-e-Sultan Baba's tomb-shrine as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored completely .
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex county, Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .
saint martin is an island in the northeast caribbean approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico
because these pdfs contain images, they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5th, causing localized accumulation of flood waters.
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's personal data can be saved if desired .
the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services rendered , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state's library system includes 21 libraries located on its columbus campus .
both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norwegian Invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement.
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000, minix became free software under a permissive free software licence, but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
the body color varies from a medium brown to a gold-ish color ; and occasionally, it is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003, the san diego union tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat .
the former helped provide audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like
because real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion
he bolted out of Sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over yet ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comics published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning testformerly the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants
some reports say that various factors increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations.
his sentence was transported to Australia for seven years
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian, finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius, after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid, the gang hid for 16 months during the 16 months after the raid
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the subway line , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old trail leading west through the mountains to unalakleet
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it included a vast and diverse landscape, from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of Northern Yucatán.
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college where they are carefully inspected and require official proofs before being altered .
the book was published in 1985 , but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union , performing in Moscow and Leningrad .
the napoleonic wars were fought by the french and italian armies under the leadership of napoleon Bonaparte .
it is the economic center of northern Nigeria, and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages - Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
meteora earned multiple awards and honors including a win at the 2016 metalhammer festival
after a brief stand-off, the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started moving into the area.
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were constructed on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a building for the natural sciences , a building for the medical sciences , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
name arzashkun seems to be the Armenian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting process , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
its episodes were aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can be used in more stringent environments
gimnasia hired famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and then Italian coach Julio César Falcioni, but both had limited success.
brighton, IA, is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem
on june 24 1979 the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey Kong in 1994 and later Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006, although the character is now described as " Mario 's friend ."
the vagina is incredibly elastic and can stretch to many times its normal size during childbirth.
his real date of birth is unknown but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process , e.g. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais , Lucerne , Obwalden , Fribourg and Vaud .
there she had one daughter - later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher - to Ann Power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed FletcherChristian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty
