one side of the armed conflicts is mainly made of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main entry to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which all able muslims must visit at least once during their lifetime .
the great dark spot is believed to be a gap in the neptune's methane cloud layer .
his next work , saturday , follows a busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord , tied it to the ball , and quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord as hard as he could .
he then died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are related to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal receives the colin mears award worth £ 5000 as well .
after the drummer are dancers who usually play a small drum called the sogo and usually have more complex — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola was born on 8 november 1942 and is an italian ex-footballer .
it was believed that the debris created by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö is different from the freedom party , as it supports a referendum about the lisbon treaty but is against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was given a place in the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its natural form , dextromethorphan appears as a white powder .
it is very hard to get accepted into tsinghua .
today nrc is organized as a separate , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and encloses the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated also named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british game likely to have the same roots as many racquet sports .
for instance , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday all of thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
the two names were combined into the national museum of scotland in 2007 .
however , tagore imitated a variety of styles , like craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy introduced the concept of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on public television .
perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship , with saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she and her husband went back to france in 1927 after staying in the united states .
despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 spacecraft .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on 4 september 1921 in brescia .
he wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
the voyager 2 images show ophelia as an extended object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use the official western australian time .
colored and iridescent shell pieces have been used in architectural decorations , such as mosaics and inlays , to embellish walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities located in the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a real louse .
he supports using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a well-known discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone far away whom they have never met .
working group i : evaluates the scientific facts about the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , and are separated from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the turbulent waters of the minch , the little minch , and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had a baby girl , alanna marie orton , on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name pairings that are regulated by the minor planet center , a department of the iau .
by september 30 , wind shear started to rise and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  that is a replica of the datum in some storage area .
so , although many mosques will not punish violations , both men and women must still follow these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book written by brian jacques and released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born 10 july , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby of the guinness premiership .
like past assessment reports , it has four reports , three of which are from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is an professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a well-known biochemist .
the stamp was used for the rest of queen victoria 's reign and was printed in large numbers .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  company which was called the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also called lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , resulting in giardiasis .
besides this , cameron has done several christian-themed movies , such as left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he stars as cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later also called " prussia proper " .
after graduation he went back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later was made the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the christmas story is based on what is written in the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes later got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and wild behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott found it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken while around jupiter on march 5 , 1979 .
gomaespuma was a radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser in spain .
the official release date of the resistance was announced on 16 june 2009 on the band 's website .
he is also part of another jungiery boyband called 183 club .
the apostolic tradition states that early christian agape feasts sung hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in exchange , rollo promised loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it comes from voice of america  voa  special english .
disney got an oscar statuette and seven small ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district located in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
this area is now known as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the topic of many talks on ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal is calmer or can gain weight faster .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  magical gifts  , and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows that the 2009 version takes 52 seconds to install , 32 seconds to scan , and uses 7 mb of memory .
volterra is a city located in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , itch and pain have not been seen as separate until recently , where it was discovered that itch has some similarities to pain , but also has major differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which stick onto it .
the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop during earlier trials on 30 may 2006 .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , are placed outside the ground .
find the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a town in the sarthe department of the pays-de-la-loire region in northwest france .
if there are no regulations on how land is used , buildings may start to be built along a bypass , making it like any other town road , and the bypass could eventually become as crowded as the roads it was meant to avoid .
it is also a place to begin for people who want to discover cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually hurt but are usually not life-threatening .
no one connected with wikipedia , in any way , is responsible for the use of the information linked or found in these web pages .
george frideric handel was also employed as the kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
their eyes are small and they have poor vision .
the only material tougher than them as a biological material is chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek food .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and with an oyster card .
his smaller woodcuts he made and sold himself , but his bigger woodcuts were mostly made for others .
the historical method is the set of techniques and rules used by historians to look into and write history using primary sources and other evidence .
the weight of the continental icecap on lake vostok is believed to add to the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but not wanting to do it .
mifepristone is a man-made steroid compound used as a medicine .
then , it will come off and sink back to the river bed in order to eat and wait for its next meal .
research has also found that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' father is a strong supporter of his son and considers himself as one of floyd 's greatest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the storm became ragged .
the balance price for a certain kind of labor is the wage .
since they believed the grounds were haunted , they chose to release their discoveries in a book , named an adventure , using the names elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he lived in london and focused on teaching .
brunstad has a few fast food outlets , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the recently conquered area .
in 1438 trevi was taken under the rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and later became part of the states of the church , then part of the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
the depression moved inland on the 20th and had no more storms, then it ended the next day in brazil , bringing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band is flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques to push civic engagement than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east.
the characters are the same as pete and dud , but with more profanity .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band had released an album .
in 1998 , culver won the election for iowa secretary of state .
mark messier won the hart trophy in 1990 by a difference of two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade's decision to disobey the law sets off a series of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home , causing them to migrate early , and separating him from them .
the female counterpart is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with an incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service shut down visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the type of chess played is speed chess in which each player is given twelve minutes to finish the game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later both charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe destruction extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inside as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic and became a tropical depression close to the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the associated press stylebook is updated each year .
the four official texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , which were written around ad 65 and 100  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn has been well-known for its furniture making industry .
the upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals instead of ice crystals .
they can not take part until they become legally adult .
development stable releases don't come often , but there are usually subversion snapshots which are secure enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his fate ’ .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main monuments - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey showed this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and heat at the same time .
the male " den master " sometimes lets a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that you can enable by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some useful links to help you get involved .
he was egypt 's prime minister from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind  explanations differ  when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i named him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he was an organist there from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially said he may not accept it .
afterwards , esperanto speakers started to view the language and the culture that had formed around it as important on their own , even if esperanto is not accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air surrounding the southern side of the cyclone removed most of the deep convection by early september 12 .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , known as eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime partner and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has its own version number .
most irc servers don't need users to register but they must set a nickname before they can join .
in the same year , he was given a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling show created by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  that will be held on august 23 , 2009 at the staples center in los angeles , california .
usually bald and with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change color with the environment , either gradually  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their skin  cephalopod family  .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship , when venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit him with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together with universal interfaces .
he came from a family with a musical background ; his mother , larue , was a singer and administrative assistant , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the most mennonites are located in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , along with small communities in 51 countries on six continents , or scattered amongst the population of those countries .
naas is a significant " dublin suburb " , with many people residing in naas but working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armor was made up of oval plates set almost flat on the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , and the spine .
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills made by the law commission , and bills put together , start in the house of lords .
before he was free in 1474 , vlad and his wife lived in a house in hungary while he worked to retake wallachia .
you may include a short phrase of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a sentence of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the list of cover texts in the edited version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue found inside bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more easily than red light  the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region .
macgruber looks for objects to make something to deactivate the bomb , but he is often interrupted by something related to his personal life , making him run out of time .
when messiaen died , yvonne loriod finished the last movement's orchestration with the help of george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad asked for the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they said were thaksin's representatives .
but travelling through very remote areas , on tracks that are far apart , requires preparation and a dependable vehicle  usually a four wheel drive  .
while at kahn , he was appointed as the lead architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes for having to go to rehearsal , and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop came from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was marked by bands that were inspired by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
this was included in battalions that were formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has less users than the other two subway lines , so shorter trains are used .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was given the title of righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are lengthy and detailed while others are shorter and may not have enough information .
95 species are now accepted .
eugowra is said to have gotten its name from an aboriginal phrase meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are used often in english .
jurisdiction comes from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law , and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources for the benefit of its people .
he then created other pieces about hiawatha such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
however , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost ten years .
gumbasia was created in a technique called kinesthetic film principles , which was taught by vorkapich .
the lawyer , brandon  waise lee  , turned into his idol , and mk sun became a lawyer too .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in australia 's central west region , in cabonne shire .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 for a military career .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also looking for gold along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before pocket calculators were invented , the slide rule was the most popular tool for making calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and has been reduced in thickness from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been chosen for the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been chosen .
alternative opinions on the subject have been offered over time  see below  , but all had been rejected by mainstream christian organizations .
the album was forbidden from many record stores around the country .
the legs are wide near the top and thin near the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , because of stern 's discussions about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian stores as mcdonald 's in 2005 and system-wide sales also passed mcdonald 's canadian operations in 2002 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female artist allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestration stravinsky first thought of composing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the country were stopped .
offenbach 's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world from the 1850s to the 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol that dates back to the tang dynasty have been found near the old city of chang ' an  now known as xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968  , was a french musician , composer , and teacher .
by most reports , the instrument was extremely hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the first church still standing in assisi .
radar observations show that the object has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine about the railway , metro , light rail and tram companies globally .
he was presented with the title of companion of honour  ch  in 1988 .
loèche holds the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder that holds matches , with a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she defiantly promised not to give up the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
graystripe 's trilogy is an oel manga series with three volumes , which follows graystripe from when he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returns to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not stay in cities ; many of the immigrants who were peddlers were able to meet americans everyday .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture for the garden .
during her childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not eco-friendly for preserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can be created on integrated circuits using the same processes used for transistors .
the term gribble was first used to describe the wood-boring species , particularly limnoria lignorum which was described from norway by rathke in 1799 .
the wounds caused by a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterward the county 's operations were conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could use the telephone exchange to communicate with all military sites on the harbour .
however , even people who go into the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , must still follow rules .
it is said to have a pointed face and is around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much work it can do in comparison to the time and resources used .
the volga has some of the biggest reservoirs in the world .
the crosier stands for the monasteries of the region.
human skin can be very dark brown to very pale pink in color .
bankers from shorebank , a community bank in chicago , assisted yunus in officially forming the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but stated that the specifics of the trial had not been decided yet .
the all-star team is chosen by the professional hockey writers ' association at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , iran , pakistan and the people 's republic of china all border afghanistan .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 by bomis , inc , a web portal business .
the design has key-dependent s-boxes and a sophisticated key schedule .
iain grieve  born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  plays back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other towns close to this one are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was suggested by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its current spot , and was decorated with golden garlands .
west berlin had its own postal administration , not linked to west germany 's , and they made their own stamps till 1990 .
the primavera is a painting made by sandro botticelli , an italian renaissance painter , in 1482 .
sydney is the biggest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but sometimes polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are used as well .
the name lives on as a brand for a related digital television channel , radio station , and website that have outlived the printed magazine .
when he was four and a half years old , he had to survive on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and wandering through towns with other homeless children .
stands were built behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s when the ground started to be upgraded .
a town can still be called a market town even if it does not hold a market anymore , as long as it still has the right to do so .
a bastion was built later on the eastern part of the city .
on july 29 , at the battle of stiklestad in norway , olav haraldsson was killed by his pagan vassals .
some think that the nkvd killed tresca as punishment for saying bad things about the stalin government of the soviet union .
this made montenegro and serbia independent countries .
only use html and css markup when necessary .
schuschnigg immediately declared that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the situation , another similar meaning of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; in some cases , this is limited to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior member of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were printed the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , which is a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a solo piano berceuse .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian said that quinine 's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
furthermore , studies done with spectroscopy have shown signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the responsible editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks a lot like the moon : it is filled with craters and smooth plains , it has no moons and no atmosphere .
geography the town is situated in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are ideal for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate until the mughals arrived in 1608.
the prime minister will remain in power as long as they have the support of the lower house .
this scene is significant to rowling because it shows harry 's courage , and by getting cedric 's body , he shows selflessness and kindness .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they together formed new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the compact and strong hurricane caused major destruction in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet damaged the area .
the site is now used for meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and also for the visitors and pilgrims .
the dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to do the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city located in essex county , massachusetts , usa .
forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been seen .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km away from puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be shared without alteration if they have images .
ben was arrested in april 1862 by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , which caused some flooding .
version 2009.1 has a usb installer which can create a live usb , where the user 's customization and personal data can be saved if wanted .
referring to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 , social democratic party  sp  : 2 , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 .
a fee is the money people pay as payment for services , especially the honorarium given to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has a library system of twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted the dominion of norway , but scotland drove away a norse invasion and negotiated a beneficial peace treaty .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix was made free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but since then other operating systems had become more advanced , leaving minix as an operating system mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color changes from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; sometimes , it has dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was mostly a scottish business , as represented by the thistle logo , which is the national flower of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being cancelled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their leaders confirmed the usage of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat .
the latter showed audiences similar information to what intertitles now provide , helping historians imagine what the film used to be like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as security to get money to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender .
the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance before the second game was not up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is coming back ".
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test used for college admittance in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy leads to the creation of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by groups of flagellants .
some reports say that certain things increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh wrote that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , discovering " that secret entrance in the wall ... which opened to a hidden and magical garden " , a symbol which is meaningful in the work in many ways .
her close connection to the russian mystic grigori rasputin was a very significant part of her life .
the term dorsal means structures that are either located on or come off the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the word " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same chemical formula and might be made of a single type of  large  molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang stayed hidden for 16 months in order to avoid being caught .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in basse-normandie , france .
color can vary from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park , and heading west to st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a part of the commonwealth railways central australian line was located on the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an ancient portage trail which went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of having arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death .
being the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it included a wide and varied landscape , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then put the comic on google books and their website and mentioned it on its official blog , with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can file a pedigree with the college , which need to be checked by the college and require official documents before changes are made .
the book political economy was released in 1985 but had little use in classrooms .
he toured with the ipo in 1990 and 1994 , performing in the soviet union , china , and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered his army to napoleon 's grand army at ulm , which gave napoleon 30,000 prisoners and caused 10,000 casualties .
it is an economic hub of northern nigeria , and is used for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora brought the band many awards and honors .
after a brief pause , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs began to settle in the area .
between 1900 and 1920 many buildings were built on campus , such as buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , a large hospital and library complexes , and two dorms .
winchester is a city located in scott county , illinois , united states .
arzashkun is believed to be the assyrian form of an armenian name that ends in -ka , from the proper name arzash , which is the same name ancients used for part of lake van , arsene or arsissa .
out of 16,421 people that entered the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 contestants to be on the tv show .
its episodes aired on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 until march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be created and used in less harsh environments .
gimnasia hired well-known colombian coach francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa .
furthermore , she was featured in a few music videos , such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde was given its town charter .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , but is now referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very flexible and can stretch to many times its usual size during childbirth .
his exact date of birth was never written down , but it's thought to be in the years between 1935 and 1939 .
this measure shows the amount of a certain drug or other substance  inhibitor  needed to prevent a certain biological process  or part of a process , such as an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name implies that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the surrounding cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
he had one daughter with ann  e  power , who was later baptized as mary ann fisher power .
edward gorey mentioned in an interview that bawden was one of his favorite artists , sadly noting that many people had forgotten about this great artist .
just as a guitar string can produce different notes , the string can also vibrate in different ways , and each way appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable got an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in the movie mutiny on the bounty in 1935 .
