the sudanese military and the janjaweed militia , mainly made up of the afro-arab abbala tribes in the rizeigat region , are the two sides in the armed conflict in sudan .
jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam's holiest city , which all muslims must visit at least once in their lives .
the great dark spot is believed to be a hole in neptune's methane cloud deck .
his next work , saturday , follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon that is full of events.
the tarantula , the trickster character , created a black cord and attached it to the ball , then he quickly crawled away eastward , pulling on the cord with all his might .
six weeks later , on january 13 , 888 , he died there .
they have similar cultural traits to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the kate greenaway medal recipient has also received the colin mears award worth £ 5000 .
next in line are dancers , who usually play the sogo  a small drum with almost no sound  and tend to have more complex and acrobatic choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , honoring the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named for the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro  " sandro "  mazzola  born november 8 , 1942  is a retired italian football player .
it was previously thought that the dust and rubble created by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .
the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal.
many species were extinct by the end of the nineteenth century due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was honored with induction into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting accepted into tsinghua is very difficult .
currently nrc is organized as a private, independent foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , with the city of stralsund inside it.
he was also awarded " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated in 1982 .
fives is a british sport believed to originate from the same source as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol's birthday is on a monday , so thailand will be decorated with yellow color to celebrate his birthday .
both names were combined and became the national museum of scotland in 2007 .
tagore copied many styles in his work , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia  and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in the 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which was broadcasted on public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  beat eddie guerrero  with chyna  to win the wwf european championship  as saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband went back to france .
despina was discovered in july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was held on september 4 , 1921 at brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images depict ophelia as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british chose to remove him and take the land by force .
towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not use the official western australian time .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays for architectural decoration and are used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills are the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula .
scared that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to aid him in finding the legendary superhero captain qwark , to prevent drek .
it is not a real louse .
he encourages using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a more popular discipline .
it is possible that the other editors and administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone far away they have never met .
working group i : examines the scientific parts of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the mainland scotland and inner hebrides by the turbulent waters of the minch , the little minch , and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife had their daughter, alanna marie orton, on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the international astronomical union .
wind shear began to increase rapidly on september 30 , causing the storm to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  that is a copy of the data stored in its backing store.
because of this , both men and women when going to a mosque must follow these guidelines , even if the mosque doesn't enforce them .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , released in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born july 10 , 1988  is a professional rugby union player for bristol in the guinness premiership .
similar to earlier assessment reports , this one consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is an acclaimed biochemist .
this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign and lots of them were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion , the first of its kind in the world .
giardia lamblia  formerly known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives and multiplies in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
in addition , cameron has been involved in many christian-themed films , including the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the region east of the vistula river , later known as " prussia proper ".
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the gospels of matthew and luke .
weelkes was later reprimanded by the chichester cathedral authorities for his excessive drinking and unruly behavior .
so far , the celebrity episodes have featured vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
juan luis cano and guillermo fesser were the hosts of the spanish radio show, gomaespuma .
the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website on june 16 , 2009 .
he is also part of the jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , mentions that hallel psalms were sung with alleluia as the response in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo vowed loyalty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france against the raids of other viking groups .
it is derived from the special english of voice of america  voa .
disney was awarded a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative region in graubünden , switzerland .
the bohemian switzerland is located in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is referred to as 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been widely discussed regarding ethics in scholarship .
animals are castrated so that they are calmer and may gain weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special magical capabilities  called ' knacks ', and seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software reveals the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory use .
volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
it was recently discovered that itch has many similarities to pain , but also has unique features that make it different from pain .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites .
the same tram derailed on may 30 , 2006 at starr gate loop during past tests .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , former ipswich town and england managers , are located outside the ground .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave out food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in sarthe , in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no land use regulations , buildings are built on a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road and eventually becoming as crowded as the local streets it was trying to avoid .
it is also an ideal place for people to start exploring cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises can cause pain but are usually not dangerous .
no one connected with wikipedia  authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , etc.  is responsible for your use of the information found in or linked from the web pages .
george frideric handel was also kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are tiny and their vision is not very good .
only chitin is as tough as keratin in terms of biological materials .
oregano is a must in greek cuisine .
tickets can be purchased for national rail services , the docklands light railway and oyster card .
he produced and released his smaller woodcuts himself while his larger ones were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the set of techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history by using primary sources and other evidence .
the immense weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to add to its high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  sometimes spelled alliteracy  is the condition of being able to read but having no interest in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a medicine .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and / or care about .
now , landis ' father is one of floyd 's biggest fans and is a big supporter of his son .
after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
believing the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their discoveries in a book an adventure  1911  under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and focused on teaching practical skills .
brunstad has multiple fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and a grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops to guard the conquered region .
in 1438 trevi became part of the church's temporal rule as part of the legation of perugia , and its history then merged with the states of the church and , 1860 , with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved on land without convection on the 20th  and was gone the next day over brazil , causing heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that existed in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current members of the band are flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries to use mosques to encourage civic participation .
the characters are foul-mouthed forms of their former selves pete and dud .
johan was the first bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before any studio album was released .
in 1998 , culver won the race for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy over ray bourque by two votes , due to a single first-place vote .
shade's impulsive decision to break the law sets off a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home , requiring them to migrate early , and him being separated from them .
the female version of a son is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with incurable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess  with each competitor having a total of twelve minutes for the game .
the amazon basin is the area of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were individually charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
damage extended to the atlantic coastline and inland to west virginia .
these computers are compared to zombies because their owners are unaware of them .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the associated press stylebook is updated every year .
the four main texts of the gospel are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the late 19th century , eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the top half looks like the coat of arms of the former oberbarnim district .
unlike earth clouds , neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of frozen methane crystals .
their involvement is restricted until they reach legal adulthood .
development stable releases are not common , but there are often subversion snapshots that are stable to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , his ' destiny city ' .
during the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two important landmarks in rostov - st alexander nevsky cathedral  1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  1783-1807 .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a power station or heat engine to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
sometimes the male " den master " will let a second male enter the den ; the reason for this is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in user preferences .
here are some helpful links to get you involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1948 .
the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland and she was left behind  reasons vary  .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal and he served as an organist there from at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed by his award and considered not accepting it at first .
later , esperanto speakers started to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as worthwhile , even if esperanto is never accepted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air around the cyclone's southern edge weakened most of the deep convection by early september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the united states .
eva anna paula braun , known as eva anna paula hitler  february 6 , 1912 – april 30 , 1945  was the companion and, briefly, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a unique version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but they must choose a nickname to connect.
in the same year , he also obtained a mechanics certificate , making him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment , taking place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles .
usually portrayed as bald , with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change their color due to changing environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family  .
val venis won against rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces .
he had a musical family ; his mother , larue , was a singer and administrative assistant , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found living in 51 countries on six continents or amongst the citizens of those countries .
naas is a large " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armor was oval plates set into the skin horizontally , with spikes around the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
prior to his release in 1474  and his plans to recapture wallachia , vlad lived with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of five words or less as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the spongy tissue located inside bones .
reflection nebulae have a blue tint due to the scattering of blue light being more efficient than red  the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in vaucluse , southern france , located in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber asks for objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is quickly distracted by his personal life , making him run out of time .
when messiaen died , yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with guidance from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims view karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the resignations of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom they accused of being thaksin's proxies .
to travel through remote areas , however , requires prior planning and a reliable four wheel drive vehicle .
while at kahn , he was the head architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he apologizes for having to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön depart .
britpop began in the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was identified by bands inspired by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
these battalions were organized for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines and runs shorter trains .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest stadium in the world .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .
some articles are very long and detailed while others are shorter and not of as good quality .
there are about 95 species accepted .
eugowra is said to have gotten its name from the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill ".
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english .
jurisdiction is drawn from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
afterwards , he created several other works related to hiawatha , such as the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  with a population of .
even with this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created with the kinesthetic film principles style that vorkapich taught .
mk sun was inspired by lawyer brandon  waise lee  and grew up to become a lawyer himself .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an old township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales, australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson joined the australian army on june 18 , 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were digging along the peel river and up the mountain sides .
before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most common tool used for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display , more battery life , faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option , and is thinner at 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen have been inducted into the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been added .
throughout the centuries , alternative views on the subject have been suggested  see below  , yet all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album , however , was not allowed to be sold in many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and become narrow at the ankles .
in late 2004 , suleman gained attention when she removed howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , due to his frequent talks about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets than mcdonald 's and by 2002 , system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations  " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 .
in albany , georgia , fireman captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  follows the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is known as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female performer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky initially thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
protests across the nation were put down .
offenbach 's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were highly popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been found west of the city of chang ' an  modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  february 13 , 1921 - november 11 , 1968  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
most say the instrument was hard to control .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
radar observations show the asteroid has a mostly iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the world .
he was appointed as a companion of honour  ch  in 1988.
loèche contains the electronic intelligence gathering system onyx , used by switzerland .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  matchcover  that contains matches and a striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking near children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she defiantly vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe's journey from being taken by twolegs in dawn to returning to thunderclan in the sight .
syrians did not live in one area , as many who had worked as peddlers could interact with americans daily  ( samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 ) .
he was well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood she experienced collapsed lungs twice , had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university suggests that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not sustainable for leadbeater 's possum and other hollow-dependent species .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as those used to make transistors .
the term gribble was first used to describe the wood-boring species , especially the species limnoria lignorum , which was described by rathke in 1799 in norway .
wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
afterwards , the county 's affairs were managed in duns or lauder until greenlaw was made the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in competition yet .
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military bases on the harbour from the telephone exchange .
even if one enters the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules to follow .
it is described to be pointy-faced and around the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is done compared to the time and resources used .
some of the biggest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga river .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region.
human skin colors can range from dark brown to very light pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , assisted yunus with the creation of the bank with a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer stated plans to put saddam on trial , but the details of the trial were not specified .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team after the regular season ends .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was created on march 9 , 2000 , by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
important features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve  born february 19 , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower playing for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby settlements are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
a fourth golden garland ring was added to the column in 1938 39 when it was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal system , different from west germany 's , which printed its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , created c. 1482 .
sydney is new south wales 's biggest city and capital .
the polymer used is often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can also be used .
the name still exists as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station , and website , though the printed magazine no longer exists .
at four-and-a-half years old he was alone in the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and travelling with other homeless children .
stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized .
a town can still be described as a market town or having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was constructed later .
in july 29 , europe experienced the battle of stiklestad in norway , where olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed .
some have thought that tresca was killed by the nkvd as punishment for criticizing the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this caused montenegro and serbia to become independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary .
schuschnigg quickly denied that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a neighborhood in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another meaning of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician ; usually this refers to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a part of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a short part in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew created a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway near santa clarita .
the conference papers were published in a book the following year called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series which began with the spin-off game wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been mental rather than physical .
a historian stated that " quinine 's effectiveness allowed colonists to move into the gold coast , nigeria , and other parts of west africa ".
also , spectroscopic studies have revealed evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggest a stony surface composition .
she became the official editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury looks like the moon : it is filled with craters , has no moons and no significant atmosphere .
geography the town is situated in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are perfect habitats for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was governed by turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister remains in office as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery and selflessness as he retrieves cedric 's corpse with compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and his raf friends jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the strong and compact hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet affecting the area .
meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  is now located at the site, with facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american female to land the triple axel jump in a national competition .
salem is a city located in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
fifty-eight species of pipefish and seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island located in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  away from puerto rico .
pdfs with images can not be distributed without further manipulation .
ben was arrested in april 1862 by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell on parts of britain on october 5 , resulting in flooding in some areas .
version 2009.1 includes a usb installer to make a live usb , where the user 's settings and personal data can be stored if wanted .
the seats were distributed according to the parties ' strengths in the federal assembly : fdp  2 , cvp  2 , sp  2 , and svp  1 .
a fee is a price paid for services , especially when it is an honorarium for a professional in the medical, legal, or consulting field.
ohio state 's library system is made up of twenty-one libraries at its columbus campus .
iceland and greenland accepted norway's overlordship , but scotland was able to repel a norse invasion and get a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but was already surpassed by other operating systems and remained mainly used by students and hobbyists .
the body color of this species varies from medium brown to golden to beige-white ; and sometimes , is marked with dark brown spots , mainly around the limbs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish enterprise , as represented by its thistle logo , the flower symbol of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was cancelled after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of the war .
the latter gave viewers the type of information usually supplied by intertitles , and can help historians to envision what the movie was like .
real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to get capital and finance industrial and commercial growth .
he ran away from sydney cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and demanded they surrender .
before the second game started , the press said the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not met veeck 's usual promotional standard .
joss whedon confirmed in a short video promoting the charity equality now  that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character seen in marvel comics .
the sat  formerly called scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a required test for college admission in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy created the medieval music form of geisslerlieder , songs sung by groups of flagellants .
reports show that certain factors increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh states that charles had been " looking for love " when he first encountered sebastian , finding the " low door in the wall ... that opened to a secret and magical garden " which is a metaphor used throughout the work .
her well-known relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a significant factor in her life .
the term dorsal is used for anatomical structures on or arising from the back side of an animal .
berzelius coined the term " protein " after mulder noticed that all proteins had the same formula and might be made up of one type of large molecule .
the gang evaded capture for 16 months after the jerilderie raid .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of france .
color of the item ranges from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen's park , and turning west to end near bloor street and st. george .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line went through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is situated on an old portage trail that went west through the mountains to unalakleet.
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia , sudden cardiac death , or both .
mesoamerica's largest sub-region , the area stretched from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google made the comic available on google books , their site , and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , and the pedigree must go through an internal audit and require official proofs before any changes can be made .
political economy was published in 1985 but only had limited use in classrooms .
he went on tour with the ipo in 1990 to perform in the soviet union , moscow and leningrad , and again in 1994 , playing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrendered over 30,000 soldiers and 10,000 casualties to napoleon's grand army at ulm .
it has always been a major economic hub in northern nigeria and a centre for groundnut production and export .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band several awards and honors .
after a short confrontation , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
the slavs moved into the area in the 5th century .
from 1900 to 1920 , several buildings were constructed on campus , such as facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city located in scott county , illinois .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka derived from the proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , given by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were aired on abc from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
the latter device can then be created and used in less restrictive environments .
gimnasia hired the popular colombian coach francisco maturana  and then julio césar falcioni , but neither achieved much success .
brighton is a city located in washington county , iowa .
additionally , she starred in music videos such as " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 , 1979 , glinde was given its town charter for its 750th anniversary .
pauline appeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although she is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is very stretchy and can expand to many times its normal size during childbirth .
his exact date of birth is unknown , but believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
this measure tells how much of a certain substance  inhibitor  is needed to reduce a biological process  or part of a process , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor , or microorganism  by half .
although the name suggests the bernese oberland region of canton bern , parts of the bernese alps are in cantons valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
during his stay there , he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann  e  power .
edward gorey mentioned in an interview that bawden was his favorite artist , but sadly not many people remembered or knew about this amazing artist .
the string can vibrate in different ways just like a guitar string , and every way appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also got an academy award nomination for his role as fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
