one side of the armed conflicts is mostly composed of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, which is required for able-bodied Muslims to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon that was especially eventful .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , scampered away quickly to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died on 13 january 888 .
they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000, the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award, worth £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancers , who are often playing the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main parts: the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola was born on 8 November 1942 in italy .
it was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943 .
However, the BZö differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as it is in favor of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but against an EU withdrawal.
many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century as European settlement took hold .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is most commonly found as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is a private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea , where it encloses the city of Stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport believed to have originated from the same roots as many racquet sports .
for example , on king bhumibol's birthday throughout Thailand, decorations will be in yellow color .
both the names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nonetheless , tagore borrowed from numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on October 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 in two great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn won the wwf european championship 8:10 by defeating eddie guerrero with chyna .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to their home country of France .
despina was discovered in late 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven scary stories .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia looks like an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colorful and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not a true louse .
he advocates using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also promotes mainstreaming of interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone who is half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain is part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are numbered name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , there are many mosques that will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 July 1988 and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it includes four reports , three from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp throughout victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
aside from this , cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-Rapture films Left Behind : The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War, in which he plays cameron "Buck" Williams.
this area east of the mouth of the vistula river was later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .
weelkes was later to get into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and reckless behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he also is a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return for this , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and promised to protect the northern region of france from other Viking groups .
it is based on the voice of america  voa  special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , Switzerland .
it is the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 bytes are referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of a number of reports on the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special magical abilities , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software has shown that the 2009 version of the software has a 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain were not considered to be completely independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both helps to move in and out of the snout and helps catch ants and termites , which cling to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys for children , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was supposed to avoid .
it is also a great place to start if you want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
none of the people who wrote, contributed, sponsored, administered, vandalized, or linked to wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information on these pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george elector of hanover who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are small , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is a key ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his much larger prints were usually commissioned work .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to cause the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust , and care about .
today, landis' father has become a staunch supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans.
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became less organized .
the equilibrium price for a certain kind of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to write about their findings in a book an adventure 1911 , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london , devoting himself mainly to teaching practicalities .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a large detachment of troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merged first with that of the states of the church , then with 1860 the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn (vocals), guitar, duce (bass), phil demmel (guitar), and dave mcclain (drums).
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic engagement .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998, culver ran for iowa secretary of state and became the victor .
in 1990 , mark messier won the Hart by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies that law , and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in April 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the Outer Banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america that drains by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
extensive damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13th.
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 . See also the gospel according to the hebrews .
Since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , which are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is restricted until they reach the age of adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are often stable snapshots which can be used .
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’.
in the Soviet years , the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  in 1908 and st george cathedral in Nakhichevan  in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, a male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript or css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
please find some useful links below .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind ; explanations for this vary when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and at first indicated that he may not accept it .
later, Esperantists began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
Dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone quickly eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
calvin baker is an American novelist .
eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler  6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license has a different version number .
most irc servers don't require users to register an account, but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York City .
Summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
usually shown as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , which means that they change color in different environments, either seasonally (ermine, snowshoe hare) or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument (the cephalopod family).
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship at 14:10 venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but there are also mennonites living in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major town in " dublin suburb " of naas ; many people in naas and in dublin work there .
acanthopholis wore armour consisting of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposing by the law commission often start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad spent time with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to try and defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod took on the final movement 's orchestration with help from george benjamin .
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , accusing them of being proxies for thaksin .
however, travelling through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle - usually a 4WD.
while at kahn he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and detailed while others are shorter and less detailed .
about 95 species are currently recognised .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often heard terms in English .
jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from all over California , Europe and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
yoghurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries ; see below for a few examples , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's" Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March ", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
plot captain caleb holt kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany, georgia and is known for his strong adherence to the cardinal rule of all firefighters: " never leave your partner behind ."
he was elected president on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is an example of a living fossil .
in 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestration stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in many parts of the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were hugely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Chang'an, modern-day Xi'an.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on February 13 , 1921 and died on November 11 , 1968 .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  , the earliest church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations suggest a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the interception facilities of onyx , the Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system .
a matchbook is a small booklet with matches and a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed never to renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in dawn and he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter 1994 , p. 84; Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden furniture .
during childhood she suffered from a lot of health problems, including collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year.
dr. david lindenmeyer at australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , Quebec , Canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was first used to describe the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally called blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet succeeded in performing a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commander could communicate with all military installations in the harbour .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is about the size of a rabbit and pointed in the face.
computer performance is measured by how much useful work is accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported that he planned to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been decided.
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association choose the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in jwaneng , botswana and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with gold garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal service , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli, circa 1482 .
new south wales ' largest city and capital is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name of the magazine survives as a brand for a related digital television channel , digital radio station and website which have withstood the downfall of the printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was abandoned on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roaming through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be developed .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
Events in Europe on July 29th - the Battle of Stiklestad, Norway - where Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed.
others have argued that tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to both montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup only when necessary and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg responded quickly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of Croydon , England .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen who resides in the area governed , represented or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a bookmicroeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a piece for solo piano called a berceuse .
these attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic evidence has shown that there are hydrated minerals and silicates present, which suggests a rocky surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these habitats ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery , and by retrieving Cedric's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and two fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group devoted to contemporary music
the intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , causing a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet .
it is now the site of meher baba 's tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored in its entirety .
in 2005, meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
salem is a city in essex county , Massachusetts, United States.
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been documented .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km east of Puerto Rico .
therefore , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images .
in April 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on October 5th , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party : 2 members , social democratic party : 2 members , and swiss people 's party : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
Ohio State's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its Columbus campus.
in other developments , iceland and greenland both accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in April 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , there are dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was Scottish in origin , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southwards as jose intensified , before being cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the initial stages of combat.
the latter made audiences aware of the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and allowed historians to imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to get money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan ordered the police camp to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance hadn't been very good for veeck 's usual promotional standards .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said " fray is not done yet , fray is coming back ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test  formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy leads to the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports say that both paralysis and hallucinations are more likely when certain factors are present .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years with a possible extension of another three years .
waugh writes that charles had been " looking for love " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a big part of her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures located on the side of an animal that grow off of that location .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang hid out for 16 months evading capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region of northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station and below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk for arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google subsequently made the comic available on both its own site and on google books and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully scrutinized and require official proof before being changed .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 but didn't gain widespread adoption in classrooms until much later .
he toured with the ipo twice in the 1990s - first in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , and again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
Napoleonic wars : Austrian general Mack surrenders his army to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm , reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic center of northern nigeria for a long time , and it's especially known for its production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora received the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
winchester is in scott county , illinois , United States of America .
name arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less demanding environments .
gimnasia hired the first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , but he had limited success .
brighton is a city in washington county in the state of iowa in the united states .
furthermore , she has appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village  , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be sometime between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process  or component of a process by half .
although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter, later baptized as mary ann fisher power, to ann e power.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in 1935 's Mutiny on the Bounty .
