one side of the armed conflicts are composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group which is mostly recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca  which is the holiest city in Islam for able-bodied muslims .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is called saturday and it follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , quickly crawled away to the east , pulling on the cord with all his might .
he died six weeks later on january 13, 888 .
the tribes are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the award given to the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award which has a value of £ 5000.
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo  a tiny drum that makes almost no sound  and often have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft has two main parts : the nasa cassini orbiter  named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini and the esa huygens probe  named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
alessandro " sandro " mazzola born 8 november 1942 is an italian former footballer .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller crater s .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1943.
the bzö differs from the freedom party in that it is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty , but opposes an EU withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century due to the arrival of Europeans .
in 1987, nina wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form .
Admission to Tsinghua University is extremely competitive .
today, nrc is an independent , private foundation .
it is located on the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a British sport that likely originated from the same origins as racquet sports .
on king bhumibol 's birthday throughout Thailand , everything will be decorated in the yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
nevertheless , tagore copied various styles from all over the world , including crafts from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada  and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 and it was broadcast on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  defeated eddie guerrero  with chyna  to win the wwf european championship  8:10 , saturn pinning guerrero after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered in late 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the voyager 2 images of ophelia , she appears as an elongated object  with the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia don 't follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula are rancho palos verdes 、rolling hills estates 、and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he is a big advocate for applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream field .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are working together as part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i is responsible for assessing scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain , which forms part of the hebrides , is separated from the mainland and the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed their first child alanna marie orton on July 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , which is part of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear increased and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data point which is a copy of the data point in some backing store .
as a result , it is important that mosques do not enforce violations , both men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser was born on 10 july 1988  and is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like its previous assessment reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american MMA promotion billed as the world 's first MMA league .
giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that can cause giardiasis .
besides his work on christian-themed productions like left behind : the movie and left behind ii : tribulation force , he's also done work in other films like left behind : world at war as cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula river , later sometimes called "prussia proper"
after his graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was appointed the artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke .
later on he found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and wild behavior .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
on june 16 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , which is attributed to the theologian hippolytus , says that early christian agape feasts should include the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain .
in return for this , rollo swore fealty to charles and converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups
it is a voice of america special english program .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old actress Shirley Temple
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district located in the canton of graubünden in Switzerland .
it is still known as the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220,000,000 bytes is referenced as 1 megabyte instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of a lot of reports about the ethics of scholarship .
they are castrated so the animal will be more docile or it may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special " knacks "  which are magical abilities  and seventh sons of seventh sons are incredibly rare and powerful .
benchmarking done by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of Italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be completely separate until recently , where it was found that itch shares several features with pain , but has a few notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both helps to move and catch ants and termites , which adhere to it
the same tram derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during the trials before .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson  both former ipswich town and england managers , which are outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , toys for the children , massages and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in the southeast of the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong controls on land use , buildings are often built along a bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the streets it was meant to avoid .
it is also a great place to start if you want to explore the cooktown peninsula , cape york , and the atherton tableland .
Bruises often cause pain but are not always dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals or anyone else connected with wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel was also the kapellmeister for george elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services 、the docklands light railway and on the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while the larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the way historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , there were 89,148 people living in the city .
aliteracy is the ability to read but not being interested in it .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
after eating , it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know , trust and care about .
today , landis ' father is a big supporter of his son floyd and regards himself as one of his biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer layer of the hurricane became less organized .
the equilibrium price for a particular type of labor is the wage .
they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym elizabeth morison and frances lamont in 1911 .
he started living in london and devoted himself mainly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants  as well as a cafeteria-style restaurant  and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of soldiers to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia  and thenceforth its history is intertwined with that of the states of the church and later in 1860 it merged with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as it was without convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was in existence from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band includes flynn  vocals and guitar  , duce  bass  and phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  on drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east .
the characters are based on the earlier characters pete and dud , who are depicted as foul-mouthed extensions of themselves .
johan was also the bassist for the swedish power metal band hammerfall before he quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for secretary of state and won .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by a wide margin  two votes being the difference .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defies a law and unintentionally initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home ,forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
a daughter is the female equivalent of a son .
he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer in april 1999 .
before the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campsites along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess which means each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner is usually unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13th.
for example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
there are four canonical texts : the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke , and gospel of john  , which were probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well-known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the flag also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth which are made up of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach the age of 18 .
development releases are rare , but there are often stable snapshots which can be used .
finally in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the city of his destiny .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's most important landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral  in 1908 and st george cathedral in nakhichevan in 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of san benito d'alcantara.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat .
on occasion a male den master will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by simply checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he served as egypt's prime minister twice : from 1945 until 1946 and from 1946 until 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 and he served as an organist until his death in that year.
chauvin was embarrassed when he was awarded the honor and initially said he might not accept it .
later , some Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as the end goal , even if Esperanto is never adopted by international organizations like the UN .
by early on september 12 , dry air had wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone and had eroded most of the deep convection that had developed earlier on that week .
calvin baker is an american author .
eva anna paula braun , who died eva anna paula hitler on february 6, 1912, was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler.
each version of the license has a unique version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but they will have to set a nickname before they are connected .
in the same year he also received his mechanic's certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event which will be produced by world wrestling entertainment wwe and take place on august 23 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , and is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have a chromatic response , changing their color in different environments , either seasonally like the ermine or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument the cephalopod family  .
val venis retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating rikishi in a steel cage match 14 minutes ago  tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera after the match .
this philosophy closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .
he was born into a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo and the united states , but they can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a major " Dublin suburb " town with many people living there and working in Dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills that start in the house of lords are bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills .
in the years before his final release in 1474  , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you are allowed to add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the soft tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red , reflection nebulae are usually blue .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area known as provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to try and disarm the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life which makes him run out of time .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod took on the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
Shi'ites Muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat  whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
to travel through very remote areas , you need to have a lot of planning and a reliable vehicle , usually a four wheel drive .
while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he has to leave because he has to go to rehearsal , and dr. schön has to leave too .
britpop emerged from the independent music scene in the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by the British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
battalions being formed for xi international brigade were absorbed into this .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
the stadium has a capacity of 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in December 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are long and in-depth while others are shorter and may be less detailed .
about 95 different species are currently accepted .
eugowra is said to be named after the aboriginal australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
often-heard terms in english are " undies " and " movie " for " moving picture ".
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of the society that it was created for .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , the overture to the song of hiawatha  and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju  with a population of over 1 million people .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly ten years .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
the lawyer brandon waise lee  became his idol and mk sun became a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia .
donaldson enlisted in the australian army on june 18, 2002 .
prospectors from all over California , Europe  and China were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , calculators were the most commonly used tool for calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display  , improved battery life  , 20 percent faster page-refreshing  , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud  , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced through bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame  more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide
the legs are wide at the top  and narrow at the ankle .
in 2004 , suleman cut howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern's frequent discussions about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as mcdonald's did when they announced their IPO in 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  is a firefighter in albany, georgia, and follows the cardinal rule of all firefighters " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with a majority of the votes .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests in various parts of the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the Tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  in modern-day xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was born on february 13, 1921 and died on november 11, 1968  she was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
by most accounts , the instrument was almost impossible to play .
santa maria maggiore  is the oldest extant church in assisi .
characteristics of radar observations show that the composition of the object is fairly pure iron-nickel .
railway gazette international is a monthly journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .
loèche harbour houses the interception systems of onyx , the Swiss system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder that contains a quantity of matches and has a rough striking surface on the outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and using drugs during pregnancy .
definitely , she vowed to never renounce the commune and refused to be sentenced to death by the judges .
there is a three volume manga series following graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in the dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84 the Syrians didn't live in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and metalwork furniture in his garden .
during her childhood she suffered from a lot of health problems , including collapsed lungs twice and pneumonia 4-5 times a year .
dr. david lindenmeyer from australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , canada
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , in particular the first species described from Norway by rathke in 1799  Limnoria lignorum
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as injuries caused by a blunt object .
thereafter, the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet performed a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor through the port jackson district command center .
even if someone enters a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as a small, pointed creature with a face similar to a rabbit '.
a computer's performance is measured by how much work it can do in comparison to how long it took and how much resources it used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world are located along the volga .
the crosier is a symbol of the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank  helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial have not yet been decided .
the all-star team is selected by representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north  , iran to the west  , pakistan to the south and China to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9th, 2000, under the ownership of bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
notable features of the design include a key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve was born on 19 February, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana  and is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership.
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the painting " the primavera " by sandro botticelli c. 1482 is a part of the italian renaissance
sydney is new south wales 's largest city and capital .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers are also used , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon .
the name " star trek " lives on as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel   , digital radio station  , and website which have survied the demise of the printed magazine .
he was four-and-a-half years old when he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years  , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernized .
a town can be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer has a market , as long as the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was built later on the eastern approaches .
Events in Europe on July 29 — the battle of Stiklestad Norway : Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union .
this led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly if you have a good reason for it .
schuschnigg responded to the reports of riots very quickly , saying that they were not true .
addiscombe is an suburb in the London borough of Croydon England .
depending on the context , a constituent can also mean a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
also appearing in the 2003 french film taxi 3 was Stallone as a passenger .
instead of filming the scene on set , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot it while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a book called microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a lullaby for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in nature rather than physical .
according to a historian , " it was quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which suggests a surface composition that is rather stony .
she became the authoritative editor of his works for breitkopf und härtel after her husband died .
mercury is similar to the moon in appearance : it has a lot of craters with regions of smooth plains , it doesn't have any natural satellites and it doesn't have an atmosphere .
the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these forests provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is only in office as long as they have the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows how brave harry is, and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he proves to be selfless and compassionate .
on june 1, 1972  , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed a new music group called " new music manchester " , which is committed to contemporary music .
the intense and compact hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  as well as facilities for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored in its entirety .
in 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County , Massachusetts , United States.
49 different pipefish and 9 different seahorse species have been documented .
saint martin is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 kilometers northeast of Puerto Rico .
because of that , these pdfs can not be distributed without further modification if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
on october 5 , heavy rain fell across portions of britain causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , so the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in relation to the parties' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the fee paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant or other professional .
the ohio state library system has 21 libraries located on the columbus campus .
in other developments , scotland accepted the overlordship of norway , but iceland and greenland were able to repulse a norse invasion and find a peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but at this point other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , it has dark brown spots on the limbs .
the britannica was originally a Scottish enterprise , as shown by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was expanded southwards as jose intensified  before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders had confirmed the use of firebombs called mark 77 on iraqi republican guards during the early stages of combat .
the former provided audiences with information about the film that later came from intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can't be used as collateral to get capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he was shot dead in 1796 by someone who had been trying to escape from Sydney Cove several times before .
ned and dan ordered the police to surrender .
before the game got underway , the press had a negative reaction to the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done yet ," and " fray is coming back soon ."
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test is a standardized test used for college admissions in the United States .
following the civil unrest in northern italy , the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder was born , which are songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
reports say that various factors can increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was to be transported to australia for seven years .
Waugh writes that Charles had been " in search of love " in those days when he first met Sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a big part of her life .
the term ' dorsal ' refers to anatomical structures that are either situated towards or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang went on the run for 16 months avoiding capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color can range from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added to the station , which curved north from union station and went below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street . Then it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed through the Simpson Desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a vast and varied landscape that ranged from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google released the comic on their site and mentioned it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book , " political economy " was published in 1985 but it wasn't very well accepted in the classroom .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the soviet union  and also in 1994  performing in china and india .
during the napoleonic wars , austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm  , capturing many soldiers and inflicting a lot of casualties on their opponents .
it is the economic center of northern nigeria and a center for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five dravidian languages  — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora received a lot of awards and honors from the band .
after a brief fight , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho .
the majority of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is located in scott county in illinois , United States .
the name " arzashkun " seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name that ends in -ka , formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
she was chosen out of 16,421 participants in the national casting to appear on the tv show .
it aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005.
the latter device can be designed and used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia hired the first colombian trainer francisco maturana , but both him and julio césar falcioni had limited success .
brighton is located in washington county in iowa .
furthermore , she has been in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979  the 750th anniversary of the village , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994  and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006  although the character is now described as " mario 's friend ".
the vagina is remarkably elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his date of birth remains a mystery , but it is believed to be somewhere between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or other substance it is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component by 50%.
although the name suggests that the mountain range is located in the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there, he had one daughter to ann e power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people knew or remembered him .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable also received an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
