one side of the armed conflicts in Darfur is composed mainly of the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in Darfur .
jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , which is able to be visited by able-bodied muslims for at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a significant hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
his next work is a crime- Drama set in the days after the pandemic has ended
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball , crawling away quickly to the east  .
he died six weeks later on January 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal people of Papua New Guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award of £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers who often play the sogo a small drum that makes almost no sound and tend to have more intricate — even acrobatic — choreography .
the spacecraft consists of two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter ( named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini ), and the esa huygens probe ( named after the dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens ).
alessandro  " sandro " mazzola  was born on November 8, 1942 in Rome , Italy .
it was initially thought that the debris thrown up by the collision completely filled in the smaller craters .
graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a b in anthropology
however, the bzö differs from the freedom party in a few ways , including being in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species of animals and plants had gone extinct by the end of the nineteenth century , with the arrival of European settlement .
in 1987, wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder
admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive .
today NRC is organized as an independent, private foundation .
it is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea , which surrounds the city of stralsund .
he was named1982 " sportswriter of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday , so throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both the names ' hornet ' and ' antelope ' were discontinued in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of Scotland .
notwithstanding , Tagore emulated many styles, including work from northern new ireland , work from the west coast of canada  and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14, 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the idea of creating a peace corps on the steps of the michigan statehouse .
she performed for president Reagan in 1988 in his great performances at the White House series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna at 8:10 to win the WWF European Championship at the hands of saturn.
she remained in the United States until she and her husband returned to France .
despina was discovered on July 22, 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns  and seven strange and ghostly tales .
at the Voyager 2 images of ophelia , she appears as an elongated object , with the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia , between the south Australian border almost to Caiguna , do not follow official Australian time .
in architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes  , rolling hills estates  and rolling hills .
ratchet agrees to help clank find captain qwark in order to stop drek from destroying the galaxy .
it is not really a louse .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process to product development cycles and also tries to popularize interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone who has never met them in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch  , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on July 12, 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center .
by early September 30th , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a data value  which is a copy of the data value in some backing store .
as a result, although many mosques may not enforce violations , both men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque
mariel of redwall is a novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born on 10 July 1988, is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership
like the previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of which are from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of Paris , and their grandson pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of the victoria's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts  mma  promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine and causes giardiasis .
aside from this, cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war  in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , which was later sometimes called " prussia proper " .
after graduating from college he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew  and the gospel of luke  .
weelkes was later found guilty of drunk driving and disorderly conduct and was sentenced to a year in prison .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p.synnott on images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5, 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Luis Cacho and Guillermo Fesser .
the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website on 16 June 2009 .
he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus  , attests that hallel psalms are sung with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity . He then undertook to defend the northern region of France against the incursions of other Viking groups .
it is a VOAT language .
disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
it continues to be the bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the topic of many reports as to the ethics of scholarship .
so that the animal may be more docile or might put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have unique magical abilities and are both extremely rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time  , 32 second scan time  , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the Tuscan region of Italy .
historically, until recently, it was not until recently that itch and pain were considered to be independent of each other until recently ; it was found that itch has many features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
on 30 may 2006, a tram derailed at star gate loop during a previous trial .
there are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson , both former Ipswich town and England managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children 's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern France .
if there are no strong land use controls in place , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown  cape york peninsula  and the atherton tableland .
bruises often do not cause any real harm but can still cause some discomfort .
you are not authorized to use the information contained in or linked from these web pages in any way whatsoever .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for George , elector of Hanover  who eventually became George I of Great Britain .
their eyes are small and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services  , the docklands light railway and the oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger prints were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method consists of the techniques and guidelines that historians use to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population of the city was 89,148 .
aliteracy is the state of being unable to read but being interested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then detach itself and swim back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
moreover, research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that they know , trust, and / or care about .
landis ' father, who is now a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans , is today the head of the landis family 's business interests .
shortly after becoming category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book under the pseudonym of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in London , and devoted himself chiefly to practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants  , a cafeteria-style restaurant  , coffee bar  , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
in 1438, trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then 1860 with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over Brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an organization that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  , and dave mcclain  drums .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are caricatures of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left the band before they ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , Culver ran for the office of Iowa secretary of state and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defiancefully disregards the law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration  and his separation from them
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
speed chess is a form of chess played in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with treason and mutiny for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia .
because the owner is usually not aware of the computers ' condition , they are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave traveled across the Atlantic Ocean and organized into a tropical depression off the north coast of Haiti on September 13 .
for example, the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke  and gospel of john  , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century, eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half of the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim may look similar to the coat of arms of the current district .
unlike the clouds on earth which are made of crystals of ice , Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane
their participation islimited until they reach the age of 18 .
development stable releases are very rare but there are often snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him to Florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
in the soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov 's principal landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral 1908  and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29, 1518 in madrid , Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito D'Alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
cogeneration also uses heat and power to generate electricity and useful heat .
on occasion, the " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; this is unknown for why .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to help you get involved .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the Nicoles were moved to the mainland .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal in 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he might not accept it .
later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american novelist .
Eva Braun , born eva anna paula hitler on 6 February 1912, died on 30 April 1945 after a long and love-starred life .
each license version is given a distinguishing version number .
most IRC servers do not require users to register an account but they will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam 2009 is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals have a chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally  or more quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family .
val venis successfully retained the wwf intercontinental championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match at 14:10 on pay-per-view .
this closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he was born from a musical family ; his mother, Larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale .
mennonites are found all over the world in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .
naas is a " dublin suburb " town, with many people living in naas and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
bills proposed by the law commission and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
you may add a passage of up to 25 words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 100 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red  this is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse département in southern France , in the area of the provence-alpes-côte d'azur .
macgruber starts asking for objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life that makes him run out of time .
this was largely complete when messiah died and yvonne Loriod undertook the orchestration with advice from George Benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their most holiest cities after Mecca , Medina , Jerusalem and Najaf .
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however, travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable four wheel drive vehicle usually a car or campervan
while at Kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has a smaller number of users than the other two subway lines  and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in Europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december of 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of Israel .
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter and of lesser quality .
about 95 species of animals currently exist.
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms such as " undies " and " movie " are often heard in english as terms for underwear and movinguide
jurisdiction derives its substance from the public international law , conflict of law ,constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this up with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is Aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style taught by Viktor Vorkapich called kinesthetic film principles .
brandon waise lee  became his idol and mk sun became a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historically significant township located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire .
donaldson enlisted in the military on 18 June 2002 .
prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display  , improved battery life  , 20 percent faster page-refreshing  , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud  , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are enshrined in the hall of fame , more than any other current position  while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries  see below  , but all were rejected by major christian bodies .
the album was banned from many stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrowed at the ankle .
in late 2004 , Suleman cut off howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to Sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's " Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March " , Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002 .
plot captain caleb holt  Kirk Cameron is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firefighters , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
orchestrationStravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were quickly suppressed .
offenbach 's numerous Opera productions, such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the Tang Dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an  .
janine marie-madeleine demessieux was born on February 13, 1921, in Paris, France, and died on November 11, 1968, in Paris.
by most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to play .
st. maria the greater is the earliest extant church in Assisi .
the results of the radar observations suggest that the metal has a fairly pure iron-nickel alloy content .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railways , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was appointed a Companion of Honour in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder  that encloses a quantity of matches and has a finer striking surface on the exterior .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women .
definitely , she vowed not to renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
the manga series graystripe 's trilogy follows graystripe from when he is taken by twolegs in dawn until he returns to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter  1994  , p. 84 the syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer at the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadians are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal  , quebec  , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries are generally known as wounds inflicted by a club .
thereafter, the administration of the county was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the town in 1596 .
no skater has yet achieved a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor .
however, even to those who enter the mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is said to be pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is analyzed by the amount of useful work that a computer system can accomplish compared to the time and resources that are used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in Chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer claimed that he had plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote to select the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the borders of tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan were defined by the soviet Union in 1922 .
nupedia was founded on march 9, 2000 , by bomis , inc  as a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule are some of the notable features of the design .
iain grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana .
other nearby settlements include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 in order to show its historical importance .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the Italian renaissance painter sandro Botticelli , c . 1482 .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is Sydney .
the polymer is most often a vinyl ester , but other polymers , such as a polyester or a nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name " hornet " is still used by a related spin-off digital television channel   , digital radio station   , and website which have survived the demise of the print magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were added behind each goal during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a bastion was later built on the eastern approaches .
events on july 29th in the Principality of Norway occurred when Olav Haraldsson, the King of Norway, lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
others have speculated that tresca was eliminated as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union
this resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only for good reasons .
schuschnigg immediately responded to reports of riots by saying that they were false .
addiscombe is a suburb in the London borough of croydon , England .
depending on the context , another close-related meaning of constituent is that of a person who resides in the area governed by, represented by, or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz  and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead of using a traditional set and dolly , they fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding on templin highway north of Santa Clarita .
the next year, the papers were published as a book in a book entitled " employment and inflation theory by phelps et al."
the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 .
frédéric Chopin 's opus 57 is a ballade for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " quinine 's efficacy that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa " .
furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites , and no substantial atmosphere .
the town is located in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich .
these habitats provide excellent surroundings for chinkara , hog deer  and blue bull .
dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister is in office only as long as they maintain the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is very important because it shows Harry's bravery and by retrieving Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates his selflessness and compassion .
on june 1, 1972 , raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music Manchester , a group that was committed to modern music .
the hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet reached the region .
it is now the site of the Samadhi of Meher Baba 's tomb-shrine  and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored .
in 2005 , meissner became the second American woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in Essex County , Massachusetts , United States .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is an island located in the northeast Caribbean Sea , approximately 300 kilometers east of Puerto Rico .
because these pdfs contain images , they cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested by police inspector sir frederick pottinger on the orders of the government for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of the United Kingdom on October 5th , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
the library system includes twenty-one libraries located on the columbus campus .
in other developments , both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway , but Scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color can vary from light brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally, there are dark brown spots .
the britannica was a scottish enterprise, as represented by its thistle logo and the floral emblem of Scotland .
the area that was covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards asJose intensified  before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diegounion tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter can help historians imagine what the film may have been like if it were made .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world cannot be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to the usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not over , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
the sat reasoning test formerly known as the scholastic aptitude test and the scholastic assessment test is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States .
civil unrest in the north of Italy leads to the formation of a medieval musical form called geisslerlieder .
some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transported to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met Sebastian  , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden "  , a metaphor that inform the work on a number of levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated near or grow off the side of an animal .
the term " protein " was first coined by berzelius , after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of large molecule .
after thejerilderie raid , the gang laid low for a year and a half before finally escaping capture .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an addition was added to the station , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson desert .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google later made the comic available on their website and their blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being changed .
the book was published in 1985 but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union   and toured with the ipo again in 1994   performing in china and india .
austrian general Mack surrenders his army to the Grande Armée of Napoleon at Ulm , Reaping Napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria for a long time and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
a majority of south Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages – Kannada , Malayalam , Tamil , Telugu and Tulu .
meteora earned multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century, Slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs  , a building for the natural sciences  , a building for the medical sciences  , a building for the engineering sciences  , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in Scott County , Illinois , in the United States .
the name " arzashkun " seems to be the Assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lakevan .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the show .
the show was aired on the abc network from its debut on september 21, 1993 to march 1, 2005 .
the latter device can then be used in environments that are less stringent .
gimnasia hired the first famed Colombian trainer francisco maturana  but he had little success .
brighton is a city in the state of Iowa , in the United States .
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24, 1979, the 750th anniversary of the village, glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 and later in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina is unusually elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth is unknown, but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance  inhibitor  is needed to inhibit a given biological process or component of a process by half .
although the name implies that they are located in the bernese Oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg , and vaud .
there she had one daughter - later baptized as mary ann fisher power - to Ann E. Power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists and lamented the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes , and every mode appears as a different particle : electron  , photon  , gluon  , etc .
gable also won an academy award nomination when he played Fletcher Christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty .
