the sudanese military and the janjaweed  a sudanese militia group from the abbala tribes  are one side of the war .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which all muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime .
scientists believe the great dark spot is a hole in neptune 's methane cloud deck .
his next work , saturday , follows a very busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and attached it to the ball  before quickly crawling away to the east , pulling the cord with all his strength .
he passed away six weeks later on january 13 888 .
they are similar to the coastal people of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal also receives the colin mears award , valued at £ 5000 .
after the drummers , the dancers come in  usually with the sogo  a tiny drum that produces a very faint sound  and with more complicated — even acrobatic — moves .
the spacecraft is made up of two parts : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after dutch astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
sandro mazzola  born november 8, 1942  is an italian former footballer .
it was first believed that the debris from the crash filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and then graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzö differs from the freedom party in regards to the lisbon treaty , as it is in favor of a referendum but against an eu-withdrawal .
by the end of the 19th century , a lot of species had disappeared due to european settlement .
in 1987 wexler was given a place in the rock and roll hall of fame .
in its original form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
getting into tsinghua is very difficult .
today nrc is a separate , private foundation .
it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the city of stralsund .
sports illustrated also named him 1982 " sportsman of the year ".
fives is a british sport that is believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol's birthday is on a monday , so thailand will be decorated with yellow on that day .
both names were no longer used in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
despite this , tagore tried different techniques such as craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from british columbia and woodcuts from max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , john f. kennedy proposed the idea of the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she sang for president reagan in 1988 in the great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .
perry saturn  with terri  won the wwf european championship  8:10  by pinning eddie guerrero  with chyna  after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the us until 1927 then she and her husband went back to france .
despina was discovered in july 1989 from images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship happened on september 4, 1921 in brescia .
he also wrote two collections of short stories : the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .
voyager 2 images show ophelia as an elongated object , with its major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to get rid of him and take the land by force .
there are some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border and caiguna , that do not keep official western australian time .
in architecture , small pieces of colorful and iridescent shells are used to make mosaics and inlays to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities on the palos verdes peninsula that are incorporated are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
worrying that drek will ruin the galaxy , clank requests ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , to stop drek .
it is not a real louse .
he promotes the use of a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a widely known discipline .
it is possible that the other editors who reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone they ' ve never even met in person .
working group i : analyzes the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the hebrides are made up of islands , divided from the scottish mainland and the inner hebrides by the rough waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12th 2008 .
the minor planet center of the iau assigns and supervises the number-name combinations for minor planets .
on september 30 , wind shear started to increase and the storm began to weaken .
each entry has a datum  a piece of data  which is a copy of the data in some backing store .
therefore , when attending a mosque both men and women must follow the guidelines , even though many mosques may not enforce them .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques which was published in 1991 .
ryan prosser  born july 10, 1988  is a professional rugby player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it is made up of four reports , three of which are from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is a renowned biochemist .
this stamp was used for the rest of the time that victoria was in power , and many were printed .
the international fight league was an american mma promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia  also known as lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis  is a flagellated protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .
besides this , cameron has appeared in some christian-themed films , like left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , known sometimes as " prussia proper " .
after graduation he went back to yerevan to teach at the conservatory and later he was chosen as artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the gospel of matthew and luke .
weelkes got in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and misbehaving .
so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have had guests like vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
stephen p. synnott discovered it in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on june 16, 2009 , the release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also in the jungiery boyband 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , written by hippolytus , states that hallel psalms were sung in early christian agape feasts and alleluia was the refrain .
in exchange , rollo promised loyalty to charles , accepted christianity and promised to protect the northern region of france from other viking groups .
it is based on voice of america  voa  special english .
disney was given a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , presented to him by 10-year-old actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is located in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is still known today as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this causes consumer confusion when 220  1,048,576  bytes is called 1 mb  megabyte  instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been widely discussed in terms of ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated in order to make the animal calmer or to gain weight more quickly .
seventh sons have special abilities called " knacks  " and seventh sons of seventh sons are both rare and very powerful .
benchmarking by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's install time of 52 seconds , its scan time of 32 seconds , and its memory utilization of 7 mb .
volterra is located in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , itch and pain were thought of as the same thing , but recently it was found that itch has a lot of similarities with pain but also some differences .
the tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which helps to lubricate the snout and catch ants and termites which stick to it .
on may 30 2006  during previous tests  the same tram had derailed at starr gate loop .
statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former england managers and ipswich town , are located outside the stadium .
calculate the square root of the variance .
volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance to the people at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in the sarthe department in northwestern france .
if there are no regulations , buildings can be built along a bypass , turning it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass can eventually become as crowded as the roads it was supposed to prevent .
it is also a great place for people wishing to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises usually cause pain but are not usually dangerous .
nobody connected to wikipedia can be held accountable for the information found in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel worked as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover  who later became george i of great britain  .
they have small eyes and bad vision .
only chitin is tougher than them biologically .
oregano is essential in greek cooking .
tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and by using an oyster card .
he made and published his own works , while his much bigger woodcuts were mainly commissioned work .
the historical method is the way historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and write history .
the immense weight of the continental icecap on top of lake vostok is thought to be the cause of the high oxygen concentration .
in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
aliteracy  also spelled alliteracy  is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in reading .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical .
then it will fall back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone close to them .
now , landis ' father is a big supporter of him and considers himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming a category 4 storm , the outer convection of the hurricane became disorganized .
the equilibrium wage for a certain type of labor is the price .
believing that the grounds were haunted , they chose to publish their research in a book an adventure  1911  , under the names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he moved to london and mainly focused on teaching .
brunstad offers multiple fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left 11,000 troops behind to defend the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi was controlled by the church as part of the legation of perugia , and afterwards it became part of the states of the church , and later part of the united kingdom of italy in 1860 .
on the 20th the depression moved inland without any storms and it ended the next day in brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was an active law enforcement agency from 1952 to 1995 .
the current members of the band include flynn  vocals , guitar  , duce  bass  , phil demmel  guitar  and dave mcclain  drums  .
countries with a minority muslim population are likely to use mosques to promote civic participation more than muslim-majority countries in the greater middle east .
the characters are versions of pete and dud , but with more explicit language .
johan was the first bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but left before the band released any studio albums .
in 1998 , culver won the election and became iowa 's secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier won the hart over ray bourque by only two votes , due to one first-place vote .
shade breaks the law that starts an event that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing them to migrate earlier than planned , and separating him from them .
the female version is a daughter .
in april 1999 , he was diagnosed with cancer that couldn't be operated on .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed the visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player only has twelve minutes for the entire game .
the amazon basin is the area in south america that is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two ex-presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their actions during the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage was seen along the atlantic coast and in areas as far inland as west virginia .
since the owner is usually not aware , these computers are compared to zombies .
the wave spread across the atlantic , forming into a tropical depression near haiti 's northern coast on september 13 .
for instance , the associated press stylebook is updated yearly .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , likely written between 65 and 100 ad  see also the gospel according to the hebrews  .
since the late 1800s , eschelbronn has been famous for its furniture production .
the top part of the crest also looks like the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , neptune 's cirrus clouds are composed of frozen methane crystals instead of ice crystals .
they cannot participate until they reach legal adulthood .
development releases are rare , but there are usually subversion snapshots that are stable enough to be used .
eventually in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
during the soviet period , two of rostov 's main landmarks were destroyed - st alexander nevsky cathedral  built in 1908  and st george cathedral in nakhichevan  built 1783-1807  .
he passed away on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .
this was proven in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration  also known as combined heat and power , chp  is the process of using a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will let another male into the den , but the reason is unknown .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled easily by selecting an option in your wikipedia preferences .
here are some helpful links to help you get involved .
he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the nicoleños were relocated to the mainland  reasons for this vary .
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal , and he was an organist there from 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed and considered not accepting his award at first .
eventually , those who speak esperanto viewed the language and culture as important even if esperanto is never officially recognized by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern edge of the cyclone weakened most of the deep convection by september 12 .
calvin baker is a novelist from the US.
eva anna paula braun  born 6 february 1912 , died 30 april 1945  was the longtime companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .
each license is given a unique version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register , but they have to set a nickname before they can connect .
in that same year , he also got his mechanics certificate , which made him the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam  2009  is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment  wwe  , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually drawn as a bald man with long whiskers , he is believed to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
some animals can change their color in different environments , either seasonally  ermine , snowshoe hare  or quickly with chromatophores in their integument  the cephalopod family .
val venis won a steel cage match against rikishi and kept the wwf intercontinental championship  14:10  venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each focusing on one task and working together using universal interfaces .
his family was very musical ; his mother , larue , was a singer and an administrative assistant , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the biggest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the people of those countries .
naas is a large " dublin suburb " town , with many people living there and working in dublin .
acanthopholis 's armor had oval plates almost lying flat in the skin , and spikes coming out of the neck and shoulder region , and down its back .
the town of irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 due to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
on the other hand , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .
for the years before his end in 1474 , vlad stayed in a house in the hungarian capital with his new wife , as he was preparing for the reconquest of wallachia .
you can add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text  and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text  to the modified version of the list of cover texts .
he is buried at the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the tissue found in the inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are typically blue because blue light is scattered more efficiently than red light  like what happens with our blue skies and red sunsets  .
monteux is a commune in the vaucluse department in southern france , in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur area .
macgruber begins to ask for items to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later diverted by something  usually involving his personal life  that makes him lose time .
when messiaen passed away , yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with help from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims see karbala as a very holy city alongside mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad demanded the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat to resign , accusing them of being thaksin's proxies .
however travel in isolated places , on secluded trails , needs careful preparation and a suitable , dependable vehicle  usually a four-wheel drive  .
while at kahn he designed the fisher building in 1928 .
he excuses himself as he needs to leave for rehearsal , and then he and dr. schön depart .
britpop music started in the early 1990s and was inspired by british guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s .
these soldiers were incorporated into battalions created for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are used .
it holds 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh biggest in the world .
in december 1967 , corrie ten boom was honored as one of the righteous amongst the nations by israel .
some articles are long and full of content while others are shorter and of lower quality .
currently , there are 95 accepted species .
eugowra is said to have gotten its name from an indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
terms like " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are often used in english .
jurisdiction is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the government's branches to distribute resources to best satisfy the needs of the people .
he followed this with other works about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleagues for almost a decade .
gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .
mk sun was inspired by the lawyer brandon waise lee and became a lawyer himself .
neurea is an old township in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
donaldson joined the australian army on june 18, 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were searching the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the pocket calculator was introduced , the slide rule was the most popular tool for doing calculations in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display , better battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , text-to-speech option to read the words out loud , and its thickness has been reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches  9.1 millimeters  .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
there are 75 defencemen in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , whereas only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
over the years , different opinions on the subject have been proposed  see below  , but all were not accepted by mainstream christian organizations .
the album was banned from lots of record stores across the country .
the legs are wide at the top and taper down at the ankles .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by banning howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , as stern was discussing his move to sirius satellite radio often .
the company doubled the number of canadian outlets compared to mcdonald 's and system-wide sales also beat mcdonald's canadian operations in 2002 " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 .
captain caleb holt  kirk cameron  is a firefighter in albany , georgia and follows the rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on march 2 2008 with 71.25 % of the votes .
this plant is known as a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer given permission to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky started working on the ballet in 1913 .
protests were stopped across the nation .
offenbach 's operettas were highly popular in france and the english-speaking world from the 1850s to the 1860s , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène .
roof tiles with this symbol from the tang dynasty have been discovered near the ancient city of chang ' an  today's xian  .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux  born february 13 , 1921  , died november 11, 1968  was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
according to many reports , the instrument was almost uncontrollable .
santa maria maggiore  st. mary the greater  is the oldest existing church in assisi .
characteristics from radar measurements suggest a mostly iron-nickel make-up .
railway gazette international is a monthly business magazine that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries all over the world .
in 1988 , he was given the honour of being made a companion of honour .
loèche holds the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small folder made of cardboard that holds matches inside and has a striking surface outside .
she was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around kids , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she said she would never renounce the commune , and challenged the judges to sentence her to death .
the oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series that follows graystripe's journey between dawn when he was taken by twolegs until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .
many of the syrian immigrants who had worked as peddlers  samovar & porter  1994  , p . 84  were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also well-known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during her childhood , she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer  australian national university  has argued that the need for nest boxes proves that logging activities are not ecologically sustainable , especially for hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a pro ice hockey team located in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .
the name gribble was initially given to the wood-boring species  especially the first species described by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .
wounds from a club are usually known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
after that , the county 's government was done in duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has done a quadruple axel in a competition yet .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could reach all military posts in the harbour .
however , even for those who enter the mosque 's prayer hall without the intention of praying , there are still rules that must be followed .
it is said to be pointy in the face and the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is rated by how much work a computer can do with a given amount of time and resources .
many big reservoirs can be found along the volga .
the crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the area .
human skin colors can range from dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , aided yunus with the official formation of the bank with the help of a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that saddam would be put on trial , but the details have not been decided yet .
the members of the hockey writers ' association would vote for the all-star team at the end of the NHL season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was created in march  2000  and was owned by bomis , inc , a web portal company .
key-dependent s-boxes and a complex key schedule are notable features of the design .
iain grieve  born february 19, 1987 in jwaneng , botswana  is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other settlements close by are pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
in 1964 , murray gell-mann and george zweig proposed the quark model independently .
the fourth ring was later added in 1938 39 with golden garlands when the column was moved to its current location .
west berlin had its own postal system , apart from west germany 's , and issued its own stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , painted in 1482 .
sydney is the largest city and capital of new south wales .
the polymer used is usually epoxy , but sometimes other materials like polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are used .
the name survives as a brand for a related digital tv channel , radio station , and website which still exist despite the end of the printed magazine .
when he was four-and-a-half years old he had to survive alone on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and wandering through towns with groups of other homeless kids .
in the 1980s and 1990s , stands were added behind each set of goals as the ground was being modernized .
even if there is no market present , a town may still be called a market town or have market rights if the right to do so still exists .
a fortification was built later on the eastern side .
on july 29 , the battle of stiklestad in norway occured , and olav haraldsson was killed in the fight against his pagan vassals .
some people think that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as a punishment for criticizing the stalin government of the soviet union .
this led to both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup with caution and only when it is necessary .
schuschnigg quickly said that reports of riots were not true .
addiscombe is a neighbourhood located in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or served by a politician , often those who voted for them .
prunk is a part of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow at the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also made a cameo in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm connected to the " hovercraft " and filmed the scene while driving up templin highway , near santa clarita .
the papers from the conference were published the following year in a book called  microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory  by phelps et al .
the wario land series is a platforming series that began with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
frédéric chopin composed the berceuse opus 57 for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological instead of physical .
a historian said that due to quinine 's effectiveness , colonists were able to move into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
in addition , spectroscopic research has shown proof of hydrated minerals and silicates , which point to a rocky surface .
for breitkopf und härtel , she became the expert editor of her husband 's works .
mercury looks a lot like the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of flat terrain , has no moons and no significant atmosphere .
the town of baden lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these areas are great for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the mughals arrived in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in power only if he or she still has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is significant because it shows harry 's courage , and by bringing back cedric 's body , he displays kindness and sympathy .
on june 1 , 1972 , raf members jan-carl raspe , holger meins and him were arrested after a long gunfight in frankfurt .
they created new music manchester , a group dedicated to modern music .
the powerful hurricane caused major destruction in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of around 18 to 20 feet hit the area .
now it is the place of meher baba 's samadhi  tomb-shrine  and also has accommodations for the pilgrims .
the dome of the main church has been fully restored .
in 2005 , meissner was the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in a national competition .
salem is a city located in essex county , massachusetts .
there are a total of forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , about 300 km  186 miles  from puerto rico .
thus , these pdfs cannot be distributed without further changes if they have images .
in april 1862 , ben was put in jail by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery while with frank gardiner .
it rained heavily in some parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flooding .
version 2009.1 provides an usb installer to create a live usb , which can save the user 's configuration and personal data if needed .
the seats were distributed according to the parties ' strength in the federal assembly : free democratic party  fdp  : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party  cvp  : 2 members , social democratic party  sp  : 2 members , and swiss people 's party  svp  : 1 member .
a fee is the cost for services , particularly the payment made to a professional such as a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .
ohio state has twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
meanwhile , both iceland and greenland accepted norway 's rule , while scotland managed to fight off a norse invasion and gain a good peace treaty .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
minix was made free / open source software in april 2000 under a permissive free software licence , however , by then other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it was mostly used by students and hobbyists .
the color of the body can range from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , it has dark brown spots , usually on the legs .
the britannica was mainly a scottish company , as represented by its thistle logo , the flower of scotland .
the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before it was lifted after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the first combat stages .
the latter gave viewers the information that later came through intertitles , and can help historians to imagine what the movie was like .
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world are not able to be used as collateral for getting funds to finance industrial and commercial growth .
he escaped from sydney cove multiple times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game began , the press commented that the " midget-in-a-cake " stunt was not up to bill veeck 's usual promotion .
in a short video , joss whedon said that " fray is not done , it's coming back .
mutants are fictional characters that appear in marvel comics' comic books .
the sat reasoning test  formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test  is a test for college admissions in the us .
due to civil unrest in northern italy , the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder was created , which are penitential songs sung by flagellants traveling in groups .
it is said that several factors increase the chances of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sentenced to be transported to australia for seven years .
waugh states that charles was looking for love when he initially met sebastian , discovering an " enchanted garden " that has a lot of meaning in the book .
her relationship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also a major part of her life .
the term dorsal refers to structures that are located on the back of an animal or grow from that area .
the word " protein " was created by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins have the same molecular formula and could be made of one type of very large molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang avoided capture for 16 months .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in calvados , basse-normandie in france .
the color of this ranges from orange to pale yellow .
an extension was added in 1963 , going north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park , then turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , part of the commonwealth railways central australian line went through the western side of the simpson desert .
it is located on an old path that went west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy often have a risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
as the biggest sub-region in mesoamerica , it featured a wide range of areas , from the mountainous sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .
google then put the comic up on google books and their site and wrote about it on their official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone can register their pedigree with the college , which is thoroughly examined and requires official documents before it is changed .
the book political economy was published in 1985 but had a limited number of classrooms using it.
in 1990 and 1994 , he went on tour with the ipo to the soviet union , china and india for their first-ever performances .
during the napoleonic wars , general mack of austria surrendered his army to napoleon's grand army at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the austrians .
northern nigeria's economic centre has long been kano , and a hub for the production and export of groundnuts .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora brought many awards and honors to the band .
after a short confrontation , the wwf cavalry charged towards kane and jericho .
many of the songs were composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs moved into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus , such as for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city in illinois , in scott county .
the name arzashkun appears to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which is related to the ancients' name arsene and arsissa for part of lake van .
out of 16,421 applicants for the national casting , she was one of the 15 chosen to appear on the tv show .
its episodes aired on abc from september 21 , 1993 until march 1 , 2005 .
this device can then be designed and used in more relaxed environments .
gimnasia first hired well-known colombian trainer francisco maturana , then julio césar falcioni , but neither had much success .
brighton is located in washington county , iowa , united states .
additionally , she was featured in music videos for " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde was granted its town charter in honor of the 750th anniversary of the village .
pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and then in mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , and is now referred to as " mario 's friend " .
the vagina can stretch many times its normal diameter during childbirth .
it is thought that his birth date is between 1935 and 1939 , but it is not officially recorded .
this measure shows how much of a drug  inhibitor  is needed to stop a biological process  or a part of it , like an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism  by half .
although the name makes it seem like the bernese alps are located in the bernese oberland of the canton of bern , some of the alps are actually in the neighboring cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
in that period , he had one daughter , mary ann fisher power , with ann  e  power .
in an interview , edward gorey expressed his admiration for bawden , expressing regret that so few people remembered or knew about this great artist .
the string can vibrate in various ways like a guitar string can make different notes , and each mode is shown as a different particle : electron , photon , gluon , etc .
gable was also nominated for an academy award for his role as fletcher christian in the movie mutiny on the bounty from 1935 .
